I want to show you exactly how to
automate your trading today step by
step, but I got a lot of things to build
at the same time. So, while I'm
teaching, I'm also going to be building
and I think that's how we're going to do
it from here on out because I get so
many people asking, "Teach this, teach
this, teach this, tell me how to do
this." And I obviously can't be a
full-time teacher. I'm chasing Jim
Simons. So, um, I won't do that, but I
will try to sprinkle in some teachings
throughout the day. GM777, good to see
you. Lee, good to see you. None.
Good to see you, Ken. Good to see you,
Nicholas. Let's get it. Let's get it.
Let's get it. Pel, good to see you.
Let's get it. All right, let's lock in.
I've been setting up this stream team.
So, I I'm sure you've seen this floating
around here at
mundave.comfundingfunding.
Essentially, I put this offer out the
other day of giving people up to $1,000
in funding with 40x leverage on
Hyperlquid. uh you would get access to
the API key and the quant app as well.
But I've been spending the last couple
days trying to get that system together.
And boy oh boy, it's fun. And we are
getting a lot of great new people that
are going to be using the Quan app live
here on YouTube. Um it is a little bit
more work than just locking in each day
and coding for me. So I spent a couple
days getting that system ready. It is
ready to go and now I can bring on
anybody who does want to take me up on
this offer. No evaluation fees, no
profit splits. You keep 100% of your
profits. Just stream your trades live
with Quant app. You could go to
moonab.com/funding if you want to learn
more about that. But today is about
teaching you step by step how to
automate your trading. But not only
that, I have a fat list of things I got
to do as well. So much love to you guys.
Thank you for locking in. I will keep
letting people in here throughout the
day. I was just laying for a couple more
people to get in here, but um I'm going
to leave it on you guys to pass the keys
to them. Okay, so each day I'm giving
out or at least for today. I don't know
if tomorrow I'll give out a free API
key, but today we are going to give the
free API key to the Hyperlquid data
layer, which I will go through here in
just a second. Um I'll leave it on you
guys in order to pass this around to the
people that come into the Zoom as I
won't be looking at this the entire
time, but let's go ahead and start
there.
How about that? Let's start there. Yeah.
Yeah, that's a good idea. That's a good
idea. So, let's go to mundav.com
slashdoccks here. Okay. So, it's
important to have this data, right? It's
important to have a data edge. As an
algorithmic trader, as an algorithmic
trader, it's important to have a data
edge. So, what I did is I'm trading on
Hyperlid. So, Hyperlid is a open
blockchain. So, what you can do if you
want a competitive advantage is launch a
node. It was super hard to set up. It
took a long time. Uh, but I set it all
up for everybody in the community. So, I
just dropped an API key inside of the
Zoom chat. I do all of my uh Zoom all of
my streams now private because there are
ops that are watching and I want to make
sure these private Zooms are so good
that I added a private data layer. This
is Hyperlid's data layer. Nobody else
has this information. You can see on
moonab.comdoccks
all of the things we can call here. But
what I want to do is I want to go
through some of the examples right now
because there's so many great ideas.
Every time I look at this, I get great
ideas of what I can build based off of
this data. Remember, as an algorithmic
trader, you're always trying to get an
edge. And one of the best edges you can
get is have data that others don't have.
Okay? I can see all the stocks here on
Hyperlid. So HIP3 liquidations in the
last 24 hours. That's a beast call.
Liquidations by asset class. Here you
can see copper, silver, palunteer,
Google coin, euro, jpy. So hyperlquid
now allows us to trade stocks and forex
and futures. That's crazy.
But nobody else has this data except you
guys in the chat. So much love to you.
So again, long liquidations, short
liquidations. Let's see what else we can
get here in the examples folder. Let's
say market data here. Okay, again this
is HIP3 data. So if you know Hyperlquid,
you know it's a crypto exchange, right?
But they're entering other markets. So
you can see Apple, AMD, Baba, Coin,
Cost, Google. Is that Costco? Is this
Costco? Holy dude. And the thing is is
I'm collecting each and every data tick.
So that means I have open, high, low,
closed volume data. Now in crypto where
others don't have this. Do you get it?
You want to build an edge, you got to
have data that other people don't have.
If you're in the Zoom, you have data
that nobody else has. Nobody else is
going to go through what I did in order
to build this node out and then build
all these endpoints. They can't even
think of the ideas because they haven't
been in the game for five years. I'm not
the best in the world, but sure I'm
chasing the best. Jim Simons 31Bs, bro.
So he ran up a 31B net worth. So I'm
going to show you everything here today.
Okay. So you can see this is another API
call. This is the HIP3 dashboard. I want
to go ahead and open up that uh GitHub
here. Let's see if I can pull it up
here. Um
okay, I think this is it. I'm going to
be using um
I'm going to be using Claude all day.
All day, dude. So let's go ahead and say
code dot. You can see I have three
different clouds open. And the reason I
use Claude is because there's nobody
that can code faster than her and nobody
in this world knows more than her. So
what's cool is there's actually a open
GitHub as well. If you go to the GitHub,
you can see all the examples of this
edge I'm trying to give you, the
hyperlquid data layer edge. Uh if you go
to the examples, you can see all of the
different things we can call
liquidations, positions, see all the
whales, see all the events, see the
contracts, see the ticks, the order
flow, the trades, the smart money, the
user positions, user fills. I want to
get all of these set up real quick so I
have them all on the screen and I can
run them at any time because I think
this is extremely powerful for idea
generation. Let's start there. Actually,
I just dropped the road map into the
chat. So, I want to show you how to
automate your trading um even if you
don't know how to code. And you can see
how can I do that? Well, number one, I
have a a system. And today I will show
you how to ethically find million-dollar
trading bots that literally your
competitors just feed you, dude. They
just feed you because I have a system
that I'm going to go over right now. And
I already dropped it in the chat. Let me
drop it in the chat one more time, the
full road map because that explains my
system. So, I want to get to that really
quickly so you have access to it. Let's
go ahead and explain that system. So
there should be a link in the chat and
it's coming into the chat now. This is
Zoom chat only. If you get in before the
end, yes, you get access to all of this
here. So mundave.com, you get the key
and the everything. Okay. So what I want
to go here is I want to go to that road
map I just dropped in the chat because
this explains the system.
Again, I want to be able to show you how
to automate your trading while I still
get all of my things done I need for the
day. Okay, so the RBI system, this is on
the road map and it's my actual system I
follow. And the reason I wanted to
explain it now is because I'm getting
into it. You can see I'm pulling all
these data sources and you're like,
Moon, what are you doing with all this
data, dude? Why are you such a data dog?
I'm a data dog because I know how to get
an edge in crypto. Come on, B. Let's get
it.
>> If you don't have discipline, you ain't
nobody,
>> right?
>> Nothing about discipline because you
give up on the slightest struggle
without discipline.
>> 100%. with discipline. Doing what you
hate to do,
>> but do it like you love it.
>> Doing what you hate to do, but do it
like you love it. That's that is a great
quote.
>> And if you can do that, you could be
successful in anything.
>> Well, you normally are.
>> You normally are. So, right here, this
is the system I've created after five
years of attacking this industry
viciously. I used to be the hand trader
that would stare at the charts all day,
use way too much leverage, waste all of
my time, lose time with my friends and
my family. Dude, we all got into trading
so we could have more time, right? Of
course. Yes. Yes. Yes.
So, that's why I made my trading. It
just wasn't working out for me. Getting
liquidated, using too much leverage.
Okay. I met somebody that is trading a
billion dollars a day. How do I do that?
Oh, I have to learn how to code. Okay.
But after you learn how to code, it's
not just that. You have to figure out
how to automate your trading. So, I
built a system that I follow
meticulously every single day. If you
see me live, I'm following it. If you
don't see me, you know I'm following it,
dude. Every day. The process of
automating your trading starts with
research of trading strategies. So,
researching of trading strategies. How
do you find trading strategies? Research
of strategies so you can find ideas that
might work. Now, we got to drop the ego
and know that all of our ideas aren't
hush.
most of our ideas are going to fail.
Okay? So, you have to really step on the
gas with the R. Remember the the system
is RBI, research. It starts with
research.
So, what I'm doing here today is I'm
going through my data layer, coming up
with ideas based off of actual data that
nobody else has. So, I'm already
separating myself. You see that? You
want to be looking at stuff that other
people aren't looking at because you can
find edges that others can't even
imagine. So I'm always researching,
researching, researching, finding new
ideas. You can also read papers by PhDs
on Google Scholar. Just go over to
Google Scholar and you can see if I go
to Google Scholar, these are literal
literal PhDs or traders. You can say
mean reversion strategy, trading
strategy, whatever you want to put in
here, and you'll find unlimited papers.
Research, research, research. You want
to constantly research, find new ideas,
find things that you think might work.
There's so many papers, okay? But this
system is what I follow every day. So,
please lock in, lock in. Read books,
books, books. There's so many books out
there. I have a book list down here that
will show you how do you find unlimited
ideas. Go ahead and take a screenshot of
this book list right here. Read all of
these books. Market wizards are
absolutely fire. This is the best top
traders in the world that are verified.
Read those three, four books. Listen to
them on Audible. I don't care. Chat with
Traders podcast. There's 300 traders
that are interviewed. so many books on
this book list that you have access to
it. Now remember, it starts with
research. So you have to come up with a
list of ideas. I've got a iPhone note
sheet that is just full of ideas, ideas,
ideas. I'm listening in the Uber, the
podcast. I'm reading audio. I'm
listening to Audible in the in the Uber.
I'm walking to my dog. I'm listening to
Audible. I'm listening to podcast. Come
on, dude. There's so many ideas out
there. It's on you to find the ones that
work. So you go ahead and you find ideas
from papers, books, YouTube videos,
podcasts, etc. Make a backlog of those
ideas.
A backlog of those ideas. That will get
you into the game. You'll have 10, 20,
30 different ideas. You want to see if
they actually work in the past. Well,
remember, drop the ego. Not all the
ideas are good. Actually, most of them
are bad. So, the first thing you got to
do after you find a bunch of ideas, you
got to back test those ideas. See if
they actually work. So, here's the hint.
Write this stuff down. Backtesting.
Using Python. That's all you need to
know. There's Back Trader, there's
Vector BT, there's all these other back
testers. Back testing.y is the one I
use. And here's some actual code here
that you can just screenshot or you can
just you have the link to this. And this
is a starter template that will help you
back test. Back test is the process of
seeing if your strategy works in the
past. It's like having X-ray vision on
the market, dude. So now you know how to
research, you know how to back test. And
then the final step, which I'm trying to
hold you back from, is implement into a
bot. You don't want to do that right
away. What I did is I went and I I
learned how to code, then I tried to
automate it right away, and I didn't
even see if it worked in the past. I
just went and built a bot, and it lost a
bunch of money. So, from my learnings, I
can teach you better. So, I have a full
system that I follow religiously now. I
only build bots once I know they
actually work in the past. Research,
back test, and then implement. And
you're really going to be incubating
with small size, tiny size. So I'll go
over some bots that I've launched in the
last couple days with Stat Arb here.
We'll go over those today and you'll see
that I'm using tiny size because at the
end of the day, there's no point of
wasting money if the system doesn't
actually work in the future because with
the RBI system, you're researching,
finding new finding new ideas, then
you're back testing those ideas to see
if they actually work in the past. And
if they work in the past, they're much
more likely to work in the future, but
they're not guaranteed.
So, you want to use small size in that
bot. I'll show you how to build the bot.
I'll show you how to back test. I'll
show you all that good stuff here today.
You already have the code to back test.
You already have the book list. I've
already given you the R and the B. But
now, there's other ways to find ideas.
Well, what are those other ways?
I'm showing them here right now. Look at
this. So, we have the data layer and you
do have access to this if you go to that
Hyperlquid data layer. I just went
through on the the GitHub. You have
access to all this code I'm about to run
here. And what I'm going to do is I'm
going to go ahead and copy path and run
all of these. So, I can I can look
through the data that others don't have.
Remember, this is I'm I'm on year five,
so you'll catch up if you're new. But at
the end of the day, if I'm looking at
data that others don't have, then my
research, my R is even better, right? Or
if you talk to somebody that has some
idea that nobody else has, well, your R
is better. You you have a better source
of research, right? So, you can see I
can see all the liquidations
on Hyperlquid.
Every single liquidation that happens,
and why is this important? Through my
years, I found that back testing
liquidation data looks really, really
good. So, I'm always researching, back
testing, and implementing. And one of my
back tests that I always see a lot of
success with is liquidation data. So,
now I have Hyperlid's actual liquidation
data here. Okay. What else do we have?
We can see everybody's positions.
So, you have I'm sure you've thought
about this before, like, "Hey, I I feel
like I' I was stopped out or they're
they're trying to find my positions."
You're right, dude. You're right. We can
see your ex actual positions at all
times. I can see everybody's address.
This guy is long $321,000
position. This guy is long 1.1 million
or 1 million position. He's 83% away
from getting liquidated. This guy's 6%
away from getting liquidated. This guy
down here is in a short. He's down
$154,000.
So, this is the stuff Wall Street would
never show you. Does this make sense?
Wall Street and the exchanges, they can
see your positions, dude. They can see
your positions. I believe in you. Nobody
else is going to tell you this stuff.
It's us, you and I, verse Wall Street.
Wall Street is so pissed at me that I
had to pretty much take my whole YouTube
channel down, dude. I had to stop
showing this stuff live on YouTube. And
now what I do is I just share it live in
the Zooms because f Wall Street, dude.
They can't stop me. They can't stop me
on Zoom. I could show you everything
every single day. I give you every
single piece of data that they won't let
you have. They don't want you to know
that they can see everybody's positions.
So if you felt like they could, you you
they can, dude. They can because I can
because I can see your positions through
Hyperlid. Now, Hyperlquid is new, so
it's not something that we've been able
to do before in the past. And that's
really good for the R, right? Because
now I'm taking a different approach than
everybody else.
You see what I'm saying? I'm taking a
different approach than everybody else.
I'm going to put all the links in the
chat. Feel free to share this with
people that come in. Um, okay. So, what
else can we get up here? because I want
to go through and get all of this data
here because again with researching you
want to always be coming up with new
ideas, new ideas. Let's say T for TFlow
and then let's say Python and run it.
Okay, so here you can see tracking the
biggest players. So these are all the
whale addresses. There's 19,000 whales
here that are active. I have every
single one of their addresses. So I can
see every single one of their positions
and you can too. I just showed you that
here because this right here looks at
everybody's positions. 19,000 wallets
that are actually active on Hyperlquid
right now. That's pretty powerful,
right? So, all of this is already
available. You have it in the chat. So,
let's go ahead and go to the next one
because I want to just get all of these
going here. So, events here. This is
interesting. We can look into all of the
events that are happening on the
Hyperlid blockchain. This is Hyperlid's
data layer. I can see all the swaps. I
can see all the approvals, increase
liquidity, etc. There's so many ideas
that can come from this contracts. Let's
see all the contracts. Let's say copy
path
and then let's say Python. Let's get it.
Okay. So, you can see these are all the
contracts. So, there's probably some
unique strategies you can do with this.
Seeing everybody's contracts. Are you
kidding me?
This is so powerful. So, so powerful.
And the cool thing is I'm not Wall
Street, dude. I want you to win. I
believe in you. I believe in you because
I didn't believe in myself when I first
got started until I met somebody. I met
somebody that was trading a billion
dollars a day. So,
they said I could do it. So, why
couldn't I? And then I sat on the path
and now I have a system. Now I have a
system. So, looks like we do get a
little bit of error here. And what's
great about this is I have the node
right here. You can see there's a bit of
an error on this API call. Can you check
in to see what's going on here?
So, since I am running the node, I can
make updates like crazy, which is
awesome. So let's go ahead and see order
flow here. That was tick data.
>> So it's it's what's called machine
learning.
>> This is Jim Simons.
>> So you find
things that are predictive. You might
guess, oh, such and such should be
predictive, might be predictive, and you
test it out in the computer. Maybe it
is, maybe it is. You test it out on long
term historical data and uh price data
and other things. And then you add to
the system this if it if it works and if
it doesn't you you throw it out. So
there aren't elaborate equations at
least not for
>> there's nothing elaborate here and all
the other quants wall street they want
you to they want you to think that that
you can't do this because you didn't go
to Stanford or Harvard yada yada me
neither dude I got held back in seventh
grade. She sat me down she looked me in
my eyes and she said I don't think
you're going to make it around here. I
said what? You're my home room teacher,
dude.
What do you mean I'm not going to make
it around? I'm in seventh grade. She
said, "The only way you're going to make
around here is if we hold you back."
Okay, let's run it back then. Seventh
grade twice. Boom. Okay. Tell me I can't
do seventh grade. You kidding me? Let's
step on the gas then. Same [__]
do the same [__] with Wall Street. Oh,
you can't do this, you can't do that.
These quants, big head qu, you can't do
that because you don't have a degree.
You haven't been in the industry for 10
years. Okay. Yeah, let's get it. I've
done it now. Now I got a system. Now I'm
a threat because I'm showing everybody
else that has ambition like me. They've
been told they can't do things like me.
Yeah, [__] Wall Street. [__] the quants.
I'm gonna show you absolutely everything
every day and I'm going to give you all
of the access I have access to because
your suspicions are correct. They don't
want you to win. They want you to keep
trading by hand. They want you to keep
using leverage. They don't want you to
know that you can see everybody's
positions. They don't want you to have
this data. [__] them, dude. Let's get
it. Let's get it.
I believe in you, dude. I believe in you
because I was also scared to learn how
to code. I spent 10 years, 10 years
in tech paying developers to build stuff
for me.
Paying hundreds of thousands of dollars
because I was scared. I was scared to
learn how to code. That's crazy. But now
look, look at us. Now we had a problem.
I had a problem. I had to automate my
trading or else I was going to lose all
my money. There's too many emotions that
go behind trading, dude. You can see I
can see all the tick data. That's
insane. Let's go back here. I think I
fixed it already.
Okay, we get a little bit more of the
data here, but there's still this little
error. So, let's go ahead and fix it
here. I've got my my node right here.
So, as I said, you know, I'll try to
teach you, but I also got a build. Still
a little bug.
The live prices look good, but now the
recent tick data is down.
So we have all the data saved on the
node which is fire. Okay, let's keep
going through these. You can see here
this is the order flow. So you can see
people's order flow which is crazy.
Again, this is what the banks they don't
want you to know about this. The Wall
Street does not want you to know about
this, dude. Okay, let's go ahead and see
if we can see some more here. So we got
order flow. What about trades? Copy path
here. I want to get all of these set up
because I think it's such powerful data
to come up with ideas. is and remember
it's research, research, research, then
back test and then implement. Okay, I
actually ran that one twice. So, let's
go to smart money. So, watch all the
smart money wallets as well.
And then you can splice this data up
however you feel is right, which is
amazing. So, top 10 smart money
performers, the best performers here.
That's crazy. And then be able to get
anybody's positions at any time here.
This is another API call. These are all
API calls. moon.com/doccks
and you have access to this API. This is
the stuff they don't want to show you
because they're scared. They're scared,
dude. Wall Street is scared. If too many
people understand that you can do this
from home, especially with Claude. Are
you serious? We've got AI now, my guy.
Let's get it. Let's get it, dude. Okay,
so those are all user position. I can I
can get user positions for anybody.
Okay, let's see what else we can have.
I'm going to get all these running here.
So, this gets all the fills. So, can you
imagine you're watching a a wallet
that's maybe a whale that's a really
good trader. You can see when they fill
a trade or when they close a trade or
when they get liquidated. These things
you can't you weren't able to see before
this and now you can see them, dude.
Let's get it. Copy path HLP position.
So, if you don't know about HLP, HLP is
the market maker behind Hyperlid.
And essentially what it
we can see all their positions
and they ran up a net worth of 183
million from $1,000. So they started
with $1,000 and we can see all their
positions.
We've been building like crazy on this
API, so there are going to be a couple
bugs here and there, but I'm able to fix
them in real time, which is awesome.
Okay, what about Binance liquidations?
because I don't want to just see
Hyperlquid stuff. I want to see Binance
stuff as well.
Boom.
Can see all the recent Binance
liquidations.
Okay, let's see what else we can see.
Because all of this data, if I look at
it all day, I'm just going to come up
with more and more ideas. Again,
research, back test, implement,
research, back, test, implement. I'm
always researching new ideas. Then I'm
back testing those ideas to see if they
work in the past. If they work in the
past, they might work in the future. You
can see I get all liquidations now from
Binance, OKX, Bybit, and Hyperliquid.
This is crazy, dude. We just are heads
down building for the last five years.
And the cool thing is is if you're new
here, you get all of that. You get all
of the the knowledge that came from the
last five years of testing, tweaking,
spending a lot of money, it's a lot of
time. You can see here, this is all the
5K buyers of Hype, Soul, XRP, and ETH.
So, if you want to track certain numbers
of amounts so far, copy path. Let's go
ahead and see the depositors, top
depositors on Hyperlid Python here. And
I hope you're coming up with ideas based
off of this slice. We got a little air
here. Um,
this one here. Let's go ahead. I think
this is actually going to be fixed.
This one might actually be fixed in
inside of the layer right here. So, this
is
I think this is a bug on our side. Uh,
but if it's a server side bug, let me
know what the fix is and I'll fix it.
So, we're just stepping on the gas,
dude. We're stepping on the gas. So, HLP
sentiment. Let's go ahead and check out
that one. T Python run it. Okay. So, you
can see the sentiment because remember
HLP is the market maker that they they
ran $1,000 to $180 million. You can go
check it out in their vault, but it's
essentially Hyperlid's trader that is
trading against everybody and they're
making a ton of money. And now we can
kind of judge the sentiment based off of
what their positions are, which is crazy
stuff. So, we're in this deep, dude.
We're in this deep. So, what else can we
do? We can say HLP analytics. Okay,
let's just keep going. And the cool
thing is is if you get your hands on
this data and you get inside the live
Zooms, you can you can also be like,
Moon, try to throw this in the in the
API. Try to throw that So you can see I
can see the liquidators, the market
maker, the timing, the correlation.
Okay, let's keep it going. Let's keep
get all of these examples up because I
think this is very helpful and then I
can come back to it every single day. So
let's go ahead saying T here, T for
Tflow, Python here. Okay, so you can see
there is Oh, we're rebooting the server
right now. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. We're
bashing. We're bashing. We're bashing.
We're bashing. So you can see I'm
working on the actual node as we speak.
So, I'm always updating. Always
updating. Always stepping on the gas.
Let's get it. Let me go ahead and answer
some questions here.
This is how I solved that bug.
Wow. Thank you.
Thank you, Kelly.
Vicky that says, "That's dope." Thank
you. Thank you. Okay, let's go ahead
here and um
let's get the keys and stuff in the
chat. If you get in before the end of
the day, you do get the API key.
You do get the API key.
So, she's over here updating the uh
the server. So, we'll take a second
here. Uh let's go ahead and see if any
of these others work while she's
updating the server. for HIPP
liquidations here. Copy path
T. Okay. Python. Run it.
Okay. So, we do get the liquidation data
for the HL uh HIPP3 liquidations, which
is far
far.
Okay. And then she says she's fixed it.
Working. Working. All endpoints fixed.
Let's go check those endpoints that were
having a hard time because I think I
didn't send her this one. Yes. Okay. So,
let's go ahead here and say say this one
here.
Go ahead and fix this one as well.
And let's see if there's another one. I
think there's another one that had a
little bit of an error somewhere. So,
let's go ahead and fix it. Yes, it's
this one. But I think she fixed this on
the front end. And Kelly said something
about this as well. So, he's seen it.
Slicy slicy slicy crunch fixed API.
Please go ahead and fix this as well. So
while you add a hell of data from the
node, it's just there's going to be
things that break and this is coding for
you. So welcome to the game. But the
thing that I love about coding uh
trading systems opposed to trading by
hand is trading by hand, you're just
sitting there wasting time. Don't run
with the pack. If everyone is trying to
solve the same problem, whole group of
people, that's the latest and greatest
thing to do.
>> Don't do that.
>> Do something original.
>> Boy, that's Jim Simons again. He said,
"Don't follow the pack." So, how do you
not follow the pack? Well, everybody
else is trading by hand, dude. Everybody
else is getting absolutely smoked, bro.
Okay, don't do that. Just don't do that
and you're good. Why? Because when you
trade by hand, you can't just work
harder at it. I know you're ambitious,
dude. I get it. But you can't just work
harder and harder and think you're going
to be better a trader. No, you can't.
The more you trade, the less you have.
But if you work harder and harder at
building out systems, you're going to
find more systems that work in the past.
If they work in the past, they're much
more likely to work in the future.
Remember, research, access, implement,
research, access, implement. [__] Wall
Street. [__] the quants. You can do
this, dude. I believe in you. Let's get
it. Let's get it. Okay, so you can see
all of HLP's positions now. the top
seven, all seven strategies that they
run. Again, they ran a net worth from
1,00 to 180 million, which is insane.
That's insane, dude. That's insane.
Let's see what else we can get going
here before we cut this off and get out
of the uh public chat. Let's say HIPP3
liquidations. I believe I just did that
one. Let's see. HIP3 licks. Yes. Okay.
Market data here. Copy path.
Let's go ahead and say TFlow Bro Python.
Okay. Boom. Now we can see all of these
symbols here on HIPP3. So, what's really
cool about Hyperlquid so far is that,
okay, we've been trading on Hyperlink
for multiple years now. I've got bots
for it. Okay, you've got all the code
for it. Yes. Yes. Let's get it. But now
we have stocks and we have some forex as
well. So, we got Baba, we got Apple, we
got coin, we got anthropic. So, this is
pre-market stuff. Wow. Wow, dude. This
is exciting. I mean, I I get excited
every time I look at look at this, man.
So, if you guys got more ideas here of
what you want to see, I have direct
access to the Hyperlquid node. I built
my own node. It was hella hard to do. A
lot of you watched me do it. It took a
long time and I built out this API on
top of it so we can all have access to
things Wall Street would never want us
to have access to. They would never want
us to have access to this. Dude, they're
pissed right now. They're giving me
strikes on YouTube, all that good stuff,
dude. Lock in. Jump into the Zooms every
single day time you see me. Let's get
it, dude.
And by the way, if you get in before the
end of this, you do get access to
everything everybody's getting access
to. So, you got the API, you got Quant
app, you get the replay, you get
everything, bro. And
I'm only doing private streams from here
on out because
of the ops.
The ops, dude. There's people that
really do not like me and they want me
to lose and they don't want me to share
any of this. So, I'm not going to share
it with people on the outside. If you're
in the public, lock in. Jump in. All
right. So, let's go ahead and answer a
couple questions here.
Nice. Kelly, you got it going. What's
up, Felix? How are you? Let's get it.
Let's get it. Felix, build an amazing
system working with my agents today.
Only took you 14 hours. Okay. Okay.
Let's get it. Let's get it. Let's get
it. Okay. So, I wanted to show you that
all that hyperlquid stuff. Uh I do
believe in you. I do think you can do
anything, dude. The next thing I want to
show here is
can you automate trading on NQ?
Absolutely, dude. Why not? I know a lot
of people that trade NQ.
I personally do not trade futures, but
yes, of course, it's actually probably
better. Not I don't want to say better,
but it's less slippage and fees for
sure. More liquid.
You're right there, dude. You're right
there. You guys are all right there. You
found You found trading. you found
trading, but you're using too much
leverage and you're trading by hand,
staring at the charts, not compounding
your time, right?
When you're trading by hand, yes, you
might win some days, but you usually end
up losing. Okay? So, if you lose, then
you just wasted all that time. But if
you would have spent those exact same
hours on coding out systems,
then wouldn't your time be compounding?
Yes. You just have to figure out how to
automate your trading now. And I'm going
to try to show you everything here
today. I've already given you the road
map so you can do a little self-s serve
here. You can do a little bit of self-s
serve.
The road map should walk you through how
to automate your trading, but I want to
make sure to dive deep and show
everything here.
Let's keep getting these things fixed
here. Couple of these API calls are
obviously
breaking,
but we'll have it smooth here. This is
brand new. Brand new stuff.
All you got to do is replace what's not
working, dude. And if you're trading by
hand right now and it's not working,
just stop trading. Literally, if if I
can convince you on automating your
trading, you literally become more
profitable day one. Why? Because
yesterday you may have been trading by
hand and lost money and the day before
trading by hand, lost money. But more
importantly, you lost time, dude. You
lost time. You don't get that time back.
You don't get that time back, dude.
And people look at you like you're crazy
right now. Let's admit it. Hey. Hey,
bro. No. For real. For real.
For real, dude. Let's be serious for
half a second.
Let's lock in. Let's lock in and just
seriously talk about this.
Hey, bro. What do you do? I'm a trader.
Inside their head, they look at you
like, "Oh god, he's a DJ. He's broke."
Because all traders are just gamblers.
And we know this. And you can look at
your past stats by trading by hand and
you know that it's just gambling.
And it's a it's a net loss of time.
because you might spend eight hours
staring at those charts and lose.
But me, I spend eight hours coding my
systems, seeing if things work in the
past, building out bots. I win every
single day. And all it took was a shift
from, hey, I'm a trader and everybody
looks at me like a gambler to I'm a
quant.
So right now, dude, starting now, you
are a quant. Don't let anybody tell you
anything else. Step away from the hand
charge. You can get plenty of exposure
with bots. They'll execute without
emotions.
And for the rest of the rest of your
life, you don't ever have to be
embarrassed to be like, uh uhuh, I'm a
tra I'm a tra I'm a trader. I swear I'm
not a gambler. I'm not a gambler. You
have to do this quantitatively or just
stop trading. Please, if you stop
trading, that's a huge win. If you
become a quant, that's a huge win as
well because you will never trade by
hand again because you'll actually see
the data and you're a data dog. You see,
the data in the past shows you the
strategy actually work or the strategies
actually trash. But the thing is is most
of us are trading strategies by hand
that are trash.
They're trash, dude. Trash strategies by
hand. So, not only are they bad
strategies,
but the execution is going to be poor
because you're going to get tired.
You're going to get on tilt. You're
going to use too much leverage. You're
going to overtrade. You're going to use
market orders instead of limit orders.
Dude, the crazy thing is the craziest
thing is, dude, even if you're a perfect
trader, let's go to mundave.com/
Even if you're a perfect trader, you
still will lose all of your money just
because you're trading by hand. Look at
this. So, if your account size is
$25,000
and you use 40x leverage and you trade
five times per day just based off of
fees, this is not accounting for this is
not accounting for bad trades or good
trades. This is just based off of fees.
You will blow up in 31 days. And most
people don't know this. Most people
don't know that they're walking into the
Apple store and saying, "Hey, I want to
buy the iPhone right now and they the
the lady's like, "Yeah, you can buy it
right now, but it's going to cost you
$3,000." But if you wait five seconds,
it's going to cost you $1,000. That's
what you're doing every single time you
take a market order. And you're trading
by hand. So, you are going to use market
orders. We're just not patient. We're
not We're humans. We're humans. So, if
your account size is $25,000, 40x
leverage, five trades a day, you lose
just by fees in 31 days. But if you had
a bot that was patient, you would extend
your life 717 days. That's not even
talking about all the profitable
strategies you're going to be able to
find because you have my exact system,
which is crazy, dude. And you have data
that nobody else has. So, does that make
sense? traders usually, even good
traders are still going to lose because
they're paying three times the price and
fees. Three times.
Three times, dude. Three times.
That's insane, man.
So, what I want to do right now is I
want to go ahead and I think I already
showed you a couple of the good places
to find
some good strategies. So, I won't go
over that because I do have a lot to get
done as well. I do want to do a little
overview of the changes that have been
made in Claude, at least my workflow.
So, a lot of people have been asking to
see my updated workflow with Claude. And
I'm just going to do that real quick
because I think it's very important that
every I don't know six months or so, I
do a little overview of where I've gone
with Claude and where where we're going
to go and
essentially just AI because it might be
something different in the future. But
let's go ahead and move all this off the
screen here. Okay, let's go here to
there. Okay, so
>> don't waste it living someone else's
life. Don't be trapped by dogma, which
is living with the results of other
people's thinking. Don't let the noise
of others opinions drown out your own
inner voice. And most important, have
the courage to follow your heart and
intuition. They somehow already know
what you truly want to become.
Everything else is secondary.
Stay hungry. Stay foolish.
>> All right. As it's 2026 now and a lot
has changed in AI, I want to go ahead
and do a quick little overview so you
just get a ton of value of how I'm using
AI these days, what I'm using, what my
path was, why I choose the AI I'm using
versus the AI I used to use, etc., etc.
Okay. back in 2023
um when chat GPT dropped, I had a
mind-blowing experience as you did,
right? You type in a question and they
answer your question and it's fire.
Okay, that's awesome. Immediately, I
started using chat GBT in order to code
the entire time and I do this live on
YouTube. So, you can imagine Gilfoil and
his gang just like roasting me, roasting
me, roasting me for two years, dude. Oh,
he's just an AI coder. AI coder. But
it's funny now we're in 2026 and all the
other big head quants out there, they're
like, "Have you heard of Have you heard
of Claude Code? Have you heard of AI
coding for you?" So they eventually will
catch up. First they laugh, first they
first they make fun of you, etc. yada
yada. Okay, so where are we now in 2026?
And how am I using AI? Okay, so the path
was chatpt and then people started to
convince me on cloud. I I didn't use
cloud desktop too much. Okay, then
eventually there was this new, you know,
visual studio studio code, right? Okay,
Visual Studio Code is where we code
things here. Um, and essentially there's
this company called Cursor that forked
it and for about six months I was
obsessed with Cursor and I still use
Cursor because it's just a fork of
Visual Studio Code. But you can see here
in Cursor you can switch to be to use
any model. So, this is pretty enticing
because if you're new to using AI, uh,
switching from Visual Studio Code to
cursor is a big jump because now it's
Visual Studio Code with AI in it and it
has pretty much all AIS. So, my personal
trippy kit that I use for AI coding, I
still use cursor, but I actually don't
use the AI inside cursor anymore. But I
wanted to explain the path because I
think it's important to have cursor over
Visual Studio Code for the reason of
this. Like, hey, if the model I'm about
to show you breaks down or if I can't
use AI the way I do now, I can always
jump back in here and I have Opus, I
have Sonet, I have GBT 5.2, and it might
be GBT8 by the time you're watching
this. I got Grock, I got Sonet. So this
is nice because I can just type anything
here and just work with the AI like hey
can you give me an overview of my
examples folder and exactly what it is.
So it's really nice because when I got
started with visual visual studio code
you know it's intimidating. So now if
you're just getting started with coding
you can go ahead and ask anything inside
of cursor. It says, "Your examples
folder contains a collection of Python
scripts acting as detailed functional
examples of how to interact, analyze, or
pull specific kinds of data via your
Hyperlquid data layer API and/or
relevant onchain exchange data." Okay,
so I could say something like, can you
code me out a new file, call it 23
23 all functions, and just put all the
functions into that new file? And then I
could say something like, okay, well,
let me use uh I don't know, whichever
one you want to use. Sonet 4, Opus 4.5.
Again, these are going to change
whenever whenever there's new things. So
that's why what I really like about
cursor. It's builtin and it works
directly. So if you're just getting
started with coding, I think cursor is
the way to go. The next thing I'm going
to show you is much more advanced. And
for me, God, I was scared of the
terminal. The terminal is this. This is
the terminal. And this is so ugly. If
you're brand new to coding, I get that.
So, I it took me a long time to get
here. I wanted to show you the full path
so you can use these tools however you'd
like. Okay, Chad TBT. You have that on
desktop. You have Claude on desktop. You
have Grock on desktop.
You've got um Gemini. All these are
websites you can go use, right? But the
thing with that is you're copy and
pasting code. So depending on your level
or how hard the project is, it gets
confusing. I got to go over to the web
interface and then plug it in and then
try to see where the bug is and plug it
in. So having your AI inside of your
Visual Studio Code with cursor, it's
nice because look, it just said 23 all
functions and I can say keep all and
boom. So it it just depends on where you
are in the process of coding. If you're
comfortable with terminal though, which
is this, then I'll show you what I'm
actually using all day every day. So,
you could, you just saw, you know,
download Cursor if you'd like that. You
can I have it for free. I'm not even
paying for it. There's a $20 plan if you
really want to get deeper into it. I
think it's a good place if you're new at
coding, use cursor. And then once you
get used to the terminal, there's
something called Claude Code. And the
way I look at cla code, you know, claude
anthropic. The way I look at cloud code,
and I know a lot of people are going to
hate this analogy, but it's like Apple,
Apple and the iPhone, iPhone's so good
because they're hardware and software is
built by the same company. So, there's
just things you can do on Apple you
can't do on Android. And I know you can
put your like janky stuff together. And
that's why people like Android is
because there's so much custom customiz
You can customize it so much, but at the
end of the day, you have Google building
an operating system and then you have a
ton of different companies building the
hardware. The integration's just not as
good. So my thesis with cloud code,
which is what I use all day, you can see
three different cloud codes here,
is that's why it's better is because
they're building the model, the AI
model, the best coding model. By the
way, even if you're using cursor, I
would focus on Sonet and Opus.
they have the best coding model plus
they built the agentic framework to it.
So that's why I'm all in with claude
code and I want to do a little master
class just really quickly of how I use
cloud code. Um again it's super uh it's
intimidating I guess with the terminal
but you'll get used to it. You'll get
used to it and I don't even use Visual
Studio Code like that anymore. So, you
know why I use cursor verse uh cloud
code now, but what I want to show you
before I even get started with this is a
hack that you can you can use this for
any AI you use. It's called whisper
flow. So, wispr
and it allows me to just say,
"Hey, can you go ahead and
code me a back test using those
liquidation datas?" And essentially, I
want you to wait for a $5 million
liquidation
and then long it. But I also want you to
create another back test that does the
exact opposite. So create two new back
tests for me. And when you're done, go
ahead and just Yeah, print out the
stats. So did you see that? I didn't
type. And for me, when I first got
started coding, I didn't know how to
type, dude. I was typing at like 30
words per minute. So, I did this like
type racer thing because I knew, hey, if
I have if I have to learn how to code,
automate my trading, I need to learn how
to type because I need to watch these
videos. I need to watch people's videos
that are essentially showing me how to
code. So, it's not this one that I use,
but it's one of these, you know, type
racer or something. Uh, I tried to get
really good at typing before I learned
to code so I could have my iPad running
and watching the videos of somebody
teaching me how to code and type out
every single word because I believe that
your fingers are going to learn how to
code before you learn how to code. Okay,
so boom. Okay, I got my typing speed
from pecking at like 25 30 words per
minute to like 70 words per minute. But
eventually, Whisper Flow dropped. And
this is not a plug. It's just what I use
and people ask me every single day.
Whisperflow.ai.
So, I got my typing speed up to 70 words
per minute. I don't have to look at the
keyboard anymore. But then, Whisper Flow
dropped and now I'm at 152 words per
minute. So, I doubled again. Why is that
alpha? Because if you can type faster,
you can test more. If you can test more,
you're going to find more things that
work in the past. If they work in the
past, they might work in the future.
Research, back test, implement all day,
dude. All day. I'm always researching.
I'm always back testing. I'm always
implementing. So now you know how I work
with Claude code. I'm just I'm talking
to her. I'm talking to her and you can
see she's going here and she's just
coding for me, which is so so sick. So
so sick.
And you can have multiple of them open.
This is the important part for me. So I
can have one project up here. You can
see she just built out two different
back tests for me. Remember, research,
back test, implement. And the crazy
thing about her building these back
tests for me, dude, is this process
right here used to take me like eight
hours. So now I literally just tell
Cloud Code, boom, boom, go ahead and
build this for me. And then she builds
it.
Code's done.
Tested the back test.
Trash strategy, but tested the back
test. Crazy. So that process of
researching and back testing used to
take me at least eight hours.
Okay, this is a profitable one. It
obviously needs some tweaking, but it's
a profitable back test. Isn't that
mind-blowing, dude? Because now
something that took me eight hours, I
just did twice while I'm teaching you
how to do this. So, that's why Whisper
Flow is important. That's why Claude
Code is important because I can be
working on this project up here while I
go down here and I use Whisper Flow
again and I can work on this project
down here. You see what I'm saying? And
then I could go over here in my
hyperlquid data layer. I can say
something to her over here. So that's
why it's so so powerful to have this. Um
let's go ahead and show you another
thing that I want to just give you all
the tips here in 2026 that I'm coming
across and using each day when it comes
to cla code and AI.
>> You know, it's something that truly
exists in all of us. It's very simple.
This is what I believe
and I'm willing to die for it.
Okay. So, up here I'm going to do
something using Whisper Flow. I'm going
to say, can you launch five different
agents to test five different back test
ideas based off of this liquidation
data,
run them in parallel. So, what I just
did there is I gave her instructions. I
said, "Hey, let's use five agents." So,
I can have five AIs run at the same time
just by saying, "Hey, run five different
agents." So, boom. That's a huge that's
a huge unlock for me. So, I wanted to
give it to you today. So, you can just
tell her, "Hey, I want to use five
agents or I want to use 10 agents or I
want to use 20 agents. Hey, I've got
this idea here. I want you to have each
agent look at this idea in a different
light. I've done this research. I've got
all these trading ideas. Go ahead and
have five agents look at them totally
differently and then go ahead and build
the back test." Boom. Okay. But that's
not it. If you have if you have a big
project, one of the things that I look
at with Claude Code and all these AIs, I
kind of look at them like slot machines,
dude. You can see up here in the top
right there's five agents back testing.
One is doing long versus short, one is
doing consecutive lick bars, one's doing
lick mean reversion, one is doing lick
plus RSI, one is doing lick cooldown
strategy. I kind of look at these like
slot machines. Um, I used to I used to
build uh games and slot machines not not
for money but like freeto play whatever.
Um, and so I understand that world
really well like near misses and um
quick wins and these things that they
engineer into this into slot machines to
keep people spinning for over and over
and over again. So this is one caution
you got to be be aware of, dude, that
they want you to keep using their
service. They want you to keep using
more AI. They want you to feel like,
"Oh, I'm almost there. I'm almost
there." So, one thing I've learned to
fix that problem is your planning has to
be really good. What I mean is, you saw
me just throw two prompts up there and
just say, "Go." You can do it that way,
but there might be bugs at the end of
the day. So, they're going to get you on
that slot machine loop. They're going to
get you keep playing, keep playing, keep
playing, keep playing, and feeling like,
"Oh, I'm almost there. Oh, it's a near
miss. Oh, I'm almost there. Almost
there. But in reality,
we want our time is precious, right? We
went from being hand traders, losing our
time all day, staring at the charts.
Okay, we've passed that. We quit trading
by hand. Now we're focusing on research,
back test, implement, research, back
test, implement. That's great. But now
we want to optimize optimize more and
more because the thing with algo
trading, dude, is it's all about
optimization. It's all about getting an
edge on somebody else. How do I get an
edge on you? Well, I can use my AI
better than you. How about that? I'm
using five agents while you're just
using one because you didn't know about
that trick.
But on top of that, I can plan better
than you. So plan mode when you have a
big project is it's goat. So how do you
use it? So let's go ahead here to
hyperlquid data layer. I want to go
ahead and analyze all of our examples on
the hyperlquid data layer that everybody
has the API access to right now. And
essentially, I want to go ahead and I
want you to look at all of those
different examples of the API calls that
we can have. And I want you to do a deep
dive of the top five
best ideas we can come up with in order
to build an autonomous system that can
sit there
24/7 and just run on loop
to continuously find new ideas and new
use cases with the ultimate goal to pull
alpha as an algorithmic trader as Jim
Simons would. and I want you to build
out this system that I can just run at
all times and it will just loop through
and continuously find new ideas. Okay,
so that was like a weird prompt. I it
kind of random with that. Whatever the
thing I want to show you here is if I
had a huge project I want to do or I
want to get started on a new idea. I've
got a new back test. I've got a new
thing, a bot I want to build. The key
point to what I'm showing you here is I
already showed you agents, but now I
want to show you how to plan better than
others. So, you hit shift tab before you
go ahead and send in this prompt.
Remember, they want you to they want you
to use as many prompts as possible and
keep going, keep going. But I want you
to save time because time is edge. So,
if you do this before you go ahead and
you do any big prompts, you hit shift
tab, shift tab, shift tab until it says
plan mode. What she's going to do is
she's going to plan this all out. And
this has saved me so many hours of work
because at the end of the day, remember,
they want you to use it more and more
and they'll get you close and maybe
maybe that's all a theory. Okay, let's
throw that out the window. The whole
like slot machine theory, they want you
to use it more. But at the end of the
day, we're not all perfect
communicators.
So, our prompts aren't perfect. So, if
they're not perfect, what's going to
happen is you're going to go ahead and
build something that has bugs in it or
it's not quite right. And that's your
time because it takes two three minutes
to generate the first thing and then two
three minutes to generate the next thing
and then you got a bug or a thing was
off whatever yada yada yada that's a lot
of time. So plan mode by hitting shift
tab shift tab shift tab a few times
until it says plan mode here will save
you so much time. And I wasn't using
this for the first few months. So I
wanted to make sure to get you that
everything here in 2026 that is new in
the last year or two. I want to show you
exact my exact workflow for using cloud
code. Okay, so there's another thing I
want to show you. So she's going out and
planning this out. What I want to show
you here is a little dangerous. So use
this at your own at your own risk. But
it's called Claude. This is how you
usually use Claude. I trust you can get
Claude installed by the way. You can
Google it, AI it, install it on your
terminal if you want to. Usually you
would say Claude, but in my mind I want
to save time. So I say Claude dash
dangerously skip her missions.
And now this will run it autonomously.
Meaning I give them a prompt. And you
can see she's done. She ran five agents
here. She has all the stats. She can see
27% return, 10% return, 8% return, win
rate 76%, 70%, 66%. Dude, the game has
changed. And most of the quants are just
waking up to AI and coding. This is your
time. I believe in you. I believe in you
because you're here using AI. You're
locked in. Come on, let's get it. They
don't want you to win. I want you to
win. I want you to win, dude. I believe
code's a great equalizer. This is an
unlock for me. I didn't know that I
could know how to code. I didn't know. I
thought it was only for the super smart
people. I got held back in seventh
grade, dude.
Claude d- dangerously skip permissions.
This will run it in a way
run robustness test. Okay, let's just do
that. She gave me a example. This will
run in a way that doesn't ask you to say
yes or no. If you run it with claude
regular, it will ask you yes or no. Yes
or no. Okay, one more tip for this is
run this prompt if you want it to just
be C. Watch this. So, I don't even have
to type in claude because this is a hell
of a thing to write every time. How do
you spell dangerously, etc., etc. I
don't even type that in anymore. I just
type in C.
I just type in C and it and it gets it.
I also do the same to activate Tflow. So
I have a cond environment where I say
cond activate Tflow and it's T. Well,
here's a little trick of how to do that.
Super simple to do. Tell her this
prompt. Can you go ahead and make a
shortcut prompt so whenever I type in C
to the terminal, it actually activates
this
claude.
dangerously
skip permissions.
So, I can ask her to set this up. So,
when I type in C, it actually types in
Claude dangerously skip permissions.
Why? Because it's saving you more time.
You can see this is using a back test
architect as well. So, you can set up
sub agents. You can ask Claude right
now, hey, can you set up a sub agent
that knows exactly how to back test?
Well, how does it know how to back test?
Well, I put that road map in the chat
already. So, you have the road map and
you could set up a sub agent saying,
"Hey,
here are all of the
here's how to code a back test."
Remember, here I gave you this already
in the description. Here's how to code a
back test. You could say, "Hey, Claude,
set me up a sub agent
that has this template." So anytime I
ask you to create a back test, it will
go to the back test architect. You can
see I have a sub agent. These are sub
agents that you can save and say, "Hey,
boom, boom, boom. You know how to back
test. You know how to research. You know
how to set up a bot." When you do get to
that point, you do want to set up a bot.
The eye is here. And I go through this
exact checklist every single day. Every
time I build a new bot, I go through
this exact checklist that you have
access to. So I'll make sure to drop the
links and stuff in the Zoom again here
so you have access to all of it. But I
think this is a really cool tip here
where you type in C and it runs claude
dangerously skip permissions. I also did
the same thing and when
I run T have it activate
activate TFlow. So those are the two
shortcuts that I use. You can see I have
two agents running in the left and the
top. So we have agents running all day
because why wouldn't we? And this is one
of the edges you get here from using
cloud code in the terminal is I have
three projects going while if you're
using Visual Studio Code, you probably
will be switching through things. Now
look at this. The plan mode is done now.
So it went through here and it created a
whole plan opposed to just running the
code or running the prompt like I am
doing up here in the top right. Now plan
mode what I told you about before is
here.
>> Deal was already made. Deal was made. I
set out at the beginning of the summer
and said, "This is the training plan I'm
doing." I signed that contract with
myself. I'm doing it.
>> You know, throughout the that process,
you'll start talking to yourself like,
"Man, I got to I think I need to maybe
if we
>> Nope.
This is non-negotiable."
>> So, this is really, really great. Plan
mode is just a way to make sure to get
all of the questions she may have based
off of our sloppy prompts, and she's
going to make the prompt better.
You can go back and forth as much as you
want. You can see build an autonomous
247 alpha finding system that
continuously scans hyperlquid data API
to discover high probability trading
setups.
Jim Simon's Renaissance style. So you
can read through this. I'm not going to
waste your time here right now, but this
is actually really interesting. So I may
have her go. So you can see top five HLP
sentiment Zcore, smart money signals,
order flow and balance, multi- exchange
liquidations, HLP flips plus large
trades, and then you'll be able to see
are there any things that she doesn't
have right? Are we aligned here? And
remember, they they want you to or even
if they don't want you to, you're going
to end up going in multiple loops most
of the time. So plan mode here, you can
say, "Okay, now you can go run it or I
want to go ahead and pass in some
edits." and you can just go back and
forth until you got it exactly right.
And this is such a lifesaver. So, what I
just showed you is everything I wanted
to get you updated on for AI in 2026.
And you see me here every single day.
So, I wanted to make sure you know my
exact trip kit when it comes to AI. I
started with Chad GPT uh on the web,
okay? Moved on from that once cursor
came into play. Cursor is a sick place
to get started if you are new to coding.
It's a little uh it just feels better
than the terminal. But once you are
comfortable, jump into cloud code
because you can see I can have three
entirely different projects going at the
exact same time. I could have five. I
could have 10. And each those each of
those projects I could have multiple
agents going inside of them. This is
crazy, dude. 2026 is our time, dude.
Let's get it. I believe IN YOU. LET'S
GO.
SO ONCE YOU GET TO cloud code, remember
whisper flow is the the voice to chat
saving you time. Remember cloud code run
dangerous or skip permissions. Claude d-
dangerously skip permissions. That lets
you run the code autonomously. You don't
have to say yes and no. You can change
it to C and T, however you like,
whatever you want your short code to be.
You saw that if you tell Claude to run
five agents, boom, she'll run five
agents. 10 agents, boom. You can see she
just coded out a back test for me and
she did the robustness test. They pass
on all or three out of four. Okay.
Plan mode is goat, dude. If you have a
big project or a big prompt, always
start with plan mode. You're just going
to save your time. You know, you can
also tell Claude, hey, create a sub
agent based off of this and give her any
code like the back test stuff. So,
that's my whole update for 2026 when it
comes to AI and how I'm using AI. And
now you have everything, my guy. Let's
get it.
Let's get it.
I'm going to put all of this stuff in
the chat.
Let's go ahead here and get all of the
party favors in the chat here.
I don't know what you're talking about,
Ken. Bro, I'm dropping [__] fire.
Let's get it, dude. Lock in. Lock in,
dude. Lock in. I'm up out of the chat
after that one, boy. Lock the [__] in.
It's time to go, dude. I'm trying to
show you everything here today. I'm
trying to show you everything, bro. I'm
trying to show you everything. King
Kenny, let's get it. Lock in. You didn't
know half that stuff I just showed you.
Come on, bro. Lock in.
Lock in with me, Ken.
Lock in.
All right. Okay, so I think I got all of
these set up. Let's make sure that
everything is working. There were a
couple errors in the slice. Yes, the
slice here. Slice. Okay, there we go.
We're good now. So, we got all the
depositors here. Beautiful. This looks
good. This looks good. Okay, how about
this one, though?
All right, we're Gucci there. Gucci
Gucci down to the socks.
Gucci down to the socks, baby. Let's get
it. What else we got? Do we have any
other areas here? I want to make sure
all of this is looking good.
Gucci, Gucci, Gucci. Okay, sick. So, I
have all the data sources here and I can
come up with unlimited ideas forever.
Yes. Do they all work? Okay, this one
wasn't working.
So, I still got this error. So, let's go
ahead and fix that real quick. Got to
make sure that this is all good.
We do get this little bit of an error
here on this stats.json.
Let me check the engineix configuration.
So she's checking the engineix.
The enginex
the engineix. Oh, while that's going on
though, what I do want to show you real
quick is the options here for back
testing because I want to show you the
entire process here today. So I I want
to go ahead and show you your options
for back testing. So here we go. So
there's multiple options for back
testing. If you know my processes,
research, back test, and then implement.
So back testing is very very important.
Now I've tried all the back testers and
I've come across one that I really like
the best. So here's some here's the code
right here. I've already shown you this
how to back test. It's actually using
back testing. py. Some people will say
to use, others, Back Trader, whatever.
Um, they're all they're all solid, but
you know, the one that I say don't use
is Trading View. If you're using Trading
View, you're cooked. If you're using
Trading View for back testing, you're
absolutely cooked. So, the one good
thing Trading View does have though,
before I dog them too hard, um, they do
give you the code for everything, which
is awesome. I can go in here to their
uh, code here and just grab all of the
code. Now, that's just a moving average.
Pretty easy to build. So if I go to
indicators here, I go like QQE mod or
whatever and then just say, "Hey,
where's the code at?" And then I could
say this. So there's something called
repainting if you want to know why I
think back testing is cooked on um
Trading View. So definitely don't do
that. Don't use Trading View for back
test. Okay, but I can say this. Okay,
look at this. This is a hack with
Trading View. So while I do dog them for
having bad back tests and you should use
Python, you should use backtesting.
Uh, while I do say all that, there is
some fire. You just saw me get all of
the code. So, I could say, go ahead and
use this QE and align it with my
liquidation data and launch five
different agents to use this QQE uh
indicator here from Trading View and use
it in some way with each of the back
tests and have five agents go
independently. So, again, we're back to
Cloud Code. you have the actual back
test uh script I use. I already have it
in here. Um and this is the good thing
about
Trading View. So, you know, you're going
to have a lot of options. Back trader,
VectorBT. I prefer back testing. I think
it's the best. And I just get a lot of
people asking for this. And the thing
with back testing is it's the key. It's
the key. It's the key to algorithmic
trading because what you do as a hand
trader is you stand there and you stare
at the charts all day.
price goes up, down, you're trying to
guess if it's going to go up or down,
you're going to be wrong a lot of the
times, but then you won't respect your
stop loss or take profit. Then you lose
all your money. It just takes one bad
day. You lose all everything. So, uh,
what I would what I do because I can't
I'm not a financial adviser. What I do
is I take that ambition, that hard work
that you and I both have and instead of
trying to work harder, harder, harder at
trading, I spend that effort on
researching and back testing. And then
when I find winners, I put them into
bots. So you can see I'm using cloud
code here and I'm using the only thing
you should use Trading View for is
getting the code for the indicators
because then you can go through all
these indicators on Trading View.
and just pick out whichever ones you
want.
>> I knew I was gonna make it. I just ain't
know how.
>> But I knew this world is what you make
it. You create your own environment. It
all starts with a vision what you can
imagine.
>> So you just grab the little code section
here and then boom, can add it into your
code. So, I think that's a fire fire
part of Trading View and I wanted to
make sure to leave that with you because
I don't talk about it a lot, but it's
the only reason in my opinion to use
Trading View. Other than that, you can
look into what back uh what this means.
Can you tell me what
repainting is and why that's a problem a
lot of the times with Trading View back
test?
But that's the that's like the best
part.
in my opinion of trading do
it's actually the only part because
other than that you're just looking at
charts right and you're just trying to
pick like should I go long or short so
you can see I launched five different
agents to use that QQE with the
liquidation data
that's pretty far
pretty far
let's go ahead and read through the
reasoning of repainting Repainting is
when a technical indicator or trading
signal changes it historical values
after the fact, making back tests look
much better than they actually would
have performed in real time. Why it's a
problem? When you back test a trading
strategy on Trading View, you're looking
at historical data. A repainting
indicator will show you signals that
look perfect in hindsight, but those
signals weren't actually there when the
candle was forming in real time. Common
causes future data leakage indicators
that use close price
before the candle actually closes.
During a live candle, the close is
constantly changing. Look ahead bias.
So, you can look into this more, but
that's essentially why I don't use trade
view. And uh I think it's cooked other
than this part where I'm actually I
might find something profitable based
off of this.
I might actually find something
profitable, dude.
And then you also have my checklist,
right? So I gave you the road map.
You've got this checklist. When you are
building out a bot, make sure to go
through these things. Implement risk
controls into the bot. That's the first
thing. Implement the strategy, of
course. How are we entering limit orders
or market orders? Check the position.
See if we're in a position. If we are,
make sure to cancel all the orders
before we enter that new position. And
that's a very, very important part.
A lot of people are going to go ahead
and just blow up their accounts because
they forgot to cancel orders prior to
putting another order. It's crazy.
Decimal adjustments here.
You got to make sure to have the right
decimals when you're entering orders.
Every exchange has different decimal
places. So, this is the actual
step-by-step plan I go through here when
I'm building out a bot.
Set up a a while loop at the bottom so
it's always running, right? You don't
want to just go ahead and have it run
one time and then be done. No. And then
this is probably the most important part
is tiny size. Make sure it's tiny size.
So if it blows up and doesn't do well,
then hey, you've lost 10 bucks. Now,
what I show you, I show you how to back
test here. And
there are essentially unlimited
exchanges once you're ready to get to
the exchange part that you can connect
to. I use CCXT for a lot of the things I
teach because it connects you to
Binance, it connects you to Coinbase, it
connects you to
whatever, BitMax, people still use that.
I don't know, Blowfin, Vybit, Kraken.
So, CCXT, just so you have that
Hyperlquid as well, but I also show you
how to connect directly to Hyperlquid
because I think it's important. So, now
you have the checklist that I have in
order to build a bot and you know how to
back test. You can see how I use cloud
code in order to back test. You've got
everything, dude. You've got everything.
You've got everything, dude. If you have
questions, let me know in the chat.
All right. So, I'm going to X out of
this actually. And then what I want to
do here is I want to go ahead and
essentially
I want to look into these real quick
because we've had some volatility. I I
don't know how these have done.
So these are some stat arbs that I set
up a few days ago. This one's down bad.
81. Started at 90. This one's also down
bad. 81. 88. Okay. So, it's not down
that bad. Started at 90. And this one is
up. Okay. So, one is up, three are down.
But that's pretty typical. So, one time
somebody came to me and said, "Moon,
this just isn't working out for me.
Like, this is too hard. I only found one
winning back test out of 10." And I
said, "Bro, that's good.
That's good. Step on the gas. Be one out
of 10 is good."
Jim Simons ramp up a net worth of $31
billion. If you think you're going to go
one for two, you're you're cooked. This
is a very hard game. But it makes sense
because it's literally the biggest prize
in the world. You have autonomous robots
that trade for you profitably 24/7 and
you only hit one out of 10 on the back
test. That's good. So, reset your
expectations before you get into this.
It's not an easy game. It's not an easy
game. That being said, if you do have
the desire to actually be a profitable
trader, you have to approach trading a
different way.
The wall I hit was like, "Dude, I don't
know how to code. So, how am I going to
how am I going to do this if I don't
know how to code?
Just have to learn how to code." But now
we have AI that codes for us, which is
absolutely sick. Let's go ahead here and
go to
Let's get into this file here. Code dot.
Okay.
Oh, no. I shouldn't have gone that far.
That's too far. Let's get to the stat
orb here.
Actually, you know what I could do?
Let's see here. I'm trying to get to the
AI of the stat. Statar, where are you?
Stat. Oh, here you are. All right. I
want you to do a full analysis here of
my Jan file. And I have four different
bots running. It looks like one is
profitable barely and the other three
are not doing well. But I want you to go
ahead and look at the actual stats of
them and see how we can improve them. So
go ahead and launch an agent per CSV
file where we're logging all the trades
and have them dive deep. So we'll have
multiple agents going and then um yeah,
let me know your results. So, I got four
uh five agents up here going. And now
I'm going to have like four agents out
down here
All right, dude. I identified a new OP,
by the way. I knew I knew something was
fishy with that OP. We got a new OP in
the chat, and his name starts with K.
His name starts with K. Watch out. The
ops are sneaking in. The ops are
sneaking in. The one that was calling
everybody else a OP. He's the OP. Let's
get it, dude. Let's get it. every day.
They don't want you to know this stuff.
They're going to try to slow me down.
They're going to say, "Don't share this
stuff. Don't teach it." Okay? The ops
are in the chat. Just know that.
Just know that, dude. They don't want
you to learn this stuff. You'll even
have people around you inside this chat
right now that are going to try to keep
me back from sharing this stuff. So,
here's all of the things that I can give
you in order to succeed the best you
can. I just put in the the API key, the
docs, the quant app, uh the road map,
etc. Feel free to share that with
anybody new that comes in.
I told you my wall from starting this
stuff was I was too scared, you know, I
was held back in seventh grade. I was
too scared to know that I could learn
how actually how to code, like to
actually attack it. And that's why I'm
so juiced on this stuff, dude. I'm so
juiced because it was a a mind-boggling
experience for me. And now, especially
with this AI, dude. Especially with this
AI, you can see here that she's done.
She found a winner. QQE crossman filter.
Okay, so it had a 57% win rate. The
sharp ratio is not too good, though. So,
what I want to go ahead and do is Yeah,
these are just decent. So, I want you to
go ahead and launch five more agents
using that QQE mod plus liquidation
momentum. Let's do liquidation momentum.
Meaning, if there's long liquidations,
assume that there's going to be more
long liquidations. So, we would trade
downwards. If there's short
liquidations, assume there'll be more
short liquidations. It has to be a
smaller amount, though, not 5 million.
Let's get it.
Oh, by the way, dude, I I get this
question a lot while she's running. I
get this question a lot, a lot a lot.
Can you just run these bots on a cloud?
Can you run this autonomously 24/7? So,
I live on an island. I live in Puerto
Rico and uh our power goes out all the
time. So if you do want to run these on
a server, it's actually super easy to
do. And if you actually look here, I'm
running a cloud code inside of my server
as we speak. You know, I was just having
her update all these ticks here. And
that's actually on a server that's on
the cloud. I can skill is only developed
by hours and hours and hours of beating
on your craft.
>> I can run this code 24/7 365 and I can
close my computer and it's super simple
to do. At first it was intimidating, but
I have walkthrough videos that show you
exactly how to set up on a cloud. But
long story short is it's as easy as
running the code on your computer. You
just have to type in SSH and then
whatever your IP address is. How do you
get your IP address? Well, this is of
the actual server. So, you could use any
type of server here. Um, VPS server is
what it's called. And all this stuff is
just weird name, so it's intimidating.
So, you can just Google VPS server and
use any of these servers that you want.
A lot of people like Hner. Uh, a lot of
people like Kabo. A lot of people like
Volur, which is VLTr. I'm not trying to
pitch you guys on a service to use. I
think they're all commodity commodities.
And essentially what they allow you to
do is have a computer that's in some
warehouse that you get a work from on
your computer. You see what I'm saying?
So that's pretty far. And the the
service I use is called Cherry Servers.
And it costs like 50 bucks a month, I
think. And you can run all bots
autonomously from the cloud. So you
never have to worry about your power
going out, etc., etc. I just wanted to
drop that piece of alpha there because
for me it was intimidating to set it up
at first, but it was just me being
scared again. Scared to learn how to
code, scared to do all this stuff. But
that's what I'm here for is I'm trying
to help you guys not be scared. Like I'm
a regular dude. Seventh grade holdback.
Let's get it. Okay, so let's see here.
So done all four. So win rates 95% on
this first one. Wow. So P&L 23
strategy performance comparison. This is
the regular. I don't know if it's a 23
net P&L, but that's what it says. Gazian
says net P&L of 19,
91% win rate, 85% win rate. All
strategies are being destroyed by the
same culprits. Aster caused massive
losses across all strategies. Tokens to
blacklist immediately. Interesting.
Okay, that's actually a nice update.
Cause massive losses here on the aster.
Okay, critical finding. Risk reward is
inverted. Average win is 215. Average
loss is 20. You need 90% win rate just
to break even. This is a core problem.
Tighten stop losses. Okay, that's a
that's a very obvious thing to do. So,
blacklist those. Add timebased exits.
Losing trades stay open. Oh, I like
that. So, 12 hours max. reduce open
positions. Gazian has 409 open
positions. Way too much exposure. That's
not true.
Okay. So, there's definitely no chance
that there's 409 open positions on the
Gazian, but I do like your findings thus
far. I think the things we should do for
starting is blacklist those on all of
our bots. Okay. So, blacklist all of
those uh symbols that you have. I think
it says Aster, Mnt, AVNT, and you and I.
Blacklist those so we don't trade those
anymore. Okay.
I actually don't want to do that. I
don't want to do that.
I don't want to do that. All right. So,
I want to make one change here and I
want to do the stop-loss take profit.
I want to change that to be negative 6%
stop-loss while keeping this takeprofit
the same. So, this will be the next
batch of runs here. And what I want you
to do is print out the starting balance
for each of the bots as this is going to
be a brand new run here and we're going
to test these new ideas iteratively over
the next few weeks, months and um you
know there are some good signs. There is
one winner here that is
100% market neutral which is freaking
amazing because this doesn't matter if
the price goes up or down. These stat
arbs are dirty for that reason. So one
out of four I'm very very happy with.
Let's keep tweaking all of them in order
to see if we can make them better. Okay.
So, the one that I don't want you to
change is the regular run regular. I
want you to make a new version of run
regular. So, it'll be run regular 2.
And this will have the new stop-loss
take profit. I'll pause one run regular
regular for now. And then for the other
ones, you want to change the stop loss
take profits because those other three
were losers in my mind. What are those
other three?
Copula, Gausian, and Forele.
So, we'll make that change to all three
of those and then make a new version for
the regular. Okay. Go ahead and build
that. Thank you.
We're not going to blacklist anything
for now.
Where can I find the tutorials on cloud
server? I do have one on my YouTube.
Okay, so I'm going ahead and updating
these stat arbs. I think Stat Aarb is an
interesting approach to the market
because it it's essentially taking a
long and a short at the exact same time,
making it uh market neutral. And there
are so many different approaches to this
market. You can take risk or you can
take no risk or less risk. You can take
a lot of risk. You Yeah, it's just uh
it's a fun game. And Jim Simons, who's
who I'm chasing, he built a net worth of
$31 billion. And um yeah, dude, I just
think it's I think it's the better way.
I think it's the only way. I think it's
the only way. Let's see what she's done
up with here.
Okay, so we got some better sharps here.
So, file QE lick momentum ratio return
is 101%. Sharp is 1.66. Sortino 3.62.
Okay. Win rate
when lick ratio is over two.
Second place is 500k momentum.
So, lick ratio momentum 101% return.
Nice, dude. Let's go ahead and do
robustness. Let's go ahead and do the
robustness test on the first and second
placed one. Also, before you do that, go
ahead and update the
Please go ahead and update the read me
so we understand that this is another
winner. We have
We got another winner in there.
Winner winner
chicken dinner.
Yeah, man. I don't know about you, but I
think I've told the story before. It's
just like there's no point in trading by
hand, dude. You're just wasting your
time. You know, you know what I'm
talking about. If you're a trader, you
know that you'll spend hours, days, if
not years staring at these charts just
to end up blowing up at the end of the
day. So, please stop doing that. We've
all lost time. We've all lost friends.
We've all lost family, dude. And it's
just not fun. Uh the dude that welcomed
me into my new home when I was a scared
little kid moving in at 12 years old,
dude. He He's my best friend ever, bro.
And I lost him. I lost him to these
charts. I three best friends, dude. AC
hit me up. He said, "Bro, call me back."
I said, "Bro, I'm in a trade. I can't
call you back, dude. I can't call you
back." Me, AC, and KT. The three best
friends ever, dude. Three best friends
ever. This is KT. KT is the type of
dude. This is what he did when I was in
seventh grade. Nobody [__] with me at
all. Nobody wanted to be my friend. New
kid. Couple of the girls actually liked
me, so they hated me even more. KT sees
me saying in the rain one day during
soccer class. He's like, "Hey, bro." And
he's a cool kid. He's like one of the
cool three cool kids. Hey, bro.
You seem pretty chill. You want to be my
locker partner? He brought me in. He
brought me in. And from that day,
seventh grade, we're best friends since.
Me, KT, and AC.
He was just such a good person, man.
10 years later, dude. 15 years later,
bro.
Get that call from AC. I said, "Bro, I
can't call you back right now. I'm
trading. I'm in a trade." He said, "No,
for real, Moon. Call me back.
KT's gone, bro.
KT's gone.
time. You can't get back with people,
bro.
I know we've all lost people. I know
that. But we can make decisions today to
spend time with those people that you
love.
We don't need to stare at these charts.
We can we can still be traders to spend
your time on things that compound. If
you're going to miss friendships, if
you're going to miss seeing your
friends, your family, your kids, your
wife, dude, if you're going to miss that
time, at least be compounding, like be
building systems that you can let go run
for you and you go spend that time with
your friends and family. Spend four
hours a day. That's all I do is four
hours a day. Lock in.
>> Yeah, that broke my heart, dude. Broke
my heart. the one person that embraced
me and to this new place I didn't want
to live in. I'm from the city, dude. And
I had to move down to this small town.
All these [__] kids hate me because a
couple of their girls like me. Okay. Oh,
he's a new kid. [__] that guy. But KT
was different, man. He brought me in and
it's my brother for life. It's my
brother for life. I can't believe I
spent so many [__] years these damn
charts, dude. And you leave with nothing
is the crazy thing. You leave with
nothing. If you're using leverage over
the next thousand trades, you're going
to leave with nothing.
>> So compound, dude. Make that decision
today. You are a corn. You are a
>> pair of shoes and at the store. They're
really at the store. You just don't have
it yet. It ain't like that [__] don't
exist. It's just really at the store.
That's how I looked at my whole life. If
I want it, if I believe I can have it,
then that's my reality.
>> It's my reality, dude. I wanted this so
bad. I wanted to be a profitable trader
so bad that I spent so many hours and
days staring at these charts trying to
figure it out just to lose it all, dude.
And to lose it more than all, lose more
than money.
You can't get time back.
Can't get people back.
If you're going to be a trader, the only
way to do it is quantitatively because
then you're forced to look at your
strategy in his face. Does it work? Yes
or no. You know how to back test now.
Perfect. Okay. Does it work? Yes or no.
If it works, okay, build it into a bot
that can execute 24/7 because you're not
going to be at the charts all day. We
got We got into trading to get our money
back, right? Or get our money and our
time back. We're trying to get our money
up and our time back by trading, but
then you stare at the charts all day. No
way, dude. Way too much emotion. You
could say right now if you're not in a
trade right now, you could say, "Oh, you
just don't use emotions." But come on,
bro. You know that's cap. You know
that's cap. If you're using 40x tra
leverage or max leverage, any leverage
over like two, three, I know you're
emotional.
Just is what it is. You're trying to get
rich overnight.
But dude, why wouldn't you spend that
time to build systems that can make you
wealthy over a long period of time
instead of trying to do it overnight? I
don't know. I don't know. There's a
better way to trade. There's a better
way to trade. I know that for a fact. I
will never I I've been I've been like
tempted. I built the Quant app out in
order to help hand traders. But [__]
them, too, dude. If you want to keep
trading by hand and you want to go
introduce yourself, oh, I'm a trader,
[__] gambler.
No, dude. That's not the way. I can't
help hand traders anymore. Unless you
will actually step on the gas with me
and automate your trading. It's so much
easier now, dude. It's so much easier.
She's still running. Beautiful.
Beautiful. Beautiful. Let's get it every
day.
Lock in. Lock in every day. Let's get
it. Okay, let's see what happened here.
Okay, so all done. Here's what I built.
Summary of changes. New file. Regular.
Run regular 2. Okay, simplized version.
simplified version. Okay, I'm going to
go ahead and run that one first. So, run
regular 2py.
Hely.
Run regular 2.
Run regular 2. New version
added per strategy. Stop loss settings.
Original winner unchanged.
Huh?
Uh, can you see what's going on here?
How come I wasn't able to run it? So,
anytime you get stuck, just know you got
AI right here with you, dude. And you
know how to use cloud code. Now, the one
thing you have to decide is that you're
a quant now and you can remove emotions
forever. For the rest of your life. For
the rest of your life. The file is in
the root project. I want all those to be
in the jam bots folder just like the
other ones
for the rest of your life. You don't
have to worry about your emotions
because emotions are beautiful, dude. We
want emotions. We don't want to be that
stone cold killer that doesn't talk to
anybody, doesn't have ups and downs.
Dude, you come here every single day and
you're going to catch a new moon. They
say, "Mundave, you have so many
personalities." No, dude. I have
emotions.
Some days I'm feeling [__] good. Some
days I'm feeling down. I'm locking in
every day no matter what, with or
without you. But I'm a human and I
embrace my emotional journey. I'm on
ups, huge ups, huge downs. Who cares?
Lock in. I got a system. RBI, research,
back test, implement, research, back
test, implement. I grew up an athlete,
dude. Do you think if I didn't want to
go to practice, I have four-hour
practice [__] competing against
sevenfooters that are trying to dunk on
me, and I'm trying to dunk on them. I
have a bad day. You think I'd be like,
"Coach, I I just don't want to I don't
want to do my 1 hour of waste and then
four hours of practice." No, dude. Get
up. Get on the line. Let's get it. It's
discipline, dude. Let's go. We know
there's a better way to trading, but
you're just too lazy right now to
actually learn how to code and automate
your trading. That's the fact. But I
know that you have the ambition. I know
it. Let's get it. You can do this. If I
can do it, you can do it. I know that.
I believe in you, bro. They're not going
to say you can do this. They're going to
say you can't. Actually, they're going
to say you can't.
Okay, so this is going to close all
positions first.
I need to catch these starting balances
here.
Okay, I need to catch the starting
balances so I can test this a little
better. But I'm going to reset all these
because they all have been changed.
And then I'm going to write that down to
catch these because I want to make sure
to Okay, that one's fine. Four leg.
Okay, so I'm going to go over to my stat
note sheet here. So I've got a note
sheet. Again, I use Apple Notes. You can
use whatever the heck you want to do.
Statar 2026. Okay, what is that? 123
now. So, we let that run for about a
week. Uh, I'm going to write down the
notes. Ran for a week. Regular is
profitable
and the other three are not. So, for for
regular, I made a a new version
with uh 2% TP and 6% stop-loss.
And for the others, I just changed their
those those variables.
Ah [__] You know what else I should
have done?
Okay, next test. Next test. Next test.
Put a time limit. Time limit on them.
But you see how I'm running with small
size, dude. These are like $10
positions. So I come back to one winner
that's up but three losers. But those
three leaders don't matter to me because
all I'm doing is getting data with small
size. And then once I see that they work
in the future because not everything
that works in the past works in the
future,
then I can scale it up. See what I'm
saying? So now I'm not I'm not spending
my time
trying to predict if the price is going
to go up or down. I'm not spending my
time doing that. I'm spending my time
coming up with ideas and then seeing if
they work in the past. And if they work
in the past, I build bots with small
size. Don't be like me when I first got
started bigheaded thinking that just
because you could build a bot, you're
gonna make a million dollars. No, dude.
That's just like a common misconception.
I remember finding my finding or finally
building a bot and I run home and I try
to get it live and then I just lose my
money because you didn't test. You
didn't test. But then you know what
happened the next time I was running
home? Yeah. I was having some eggs. I
was having some eggs, some potatoes, and
bacon. This is after I've already like
ran my first bot without testing
anything. Then I came up with the RBI
system. That led me to back testing. And
I went down to the coffee shop down the
street having some nice eggs, bacon,
some hash browns,
just back testing, back testing, back
testing. Bro, I found a back test that
absolutely printed money. I said, "Fuck
this food." I grabbed my laptop and I
sprinted home. I sprinted home to start
building the bot. Dude, I was so
excited.
I was so excited. That was my first
winning system.
my first winning system. And you can
imagine, dude, like I was literally
scared to learn how to code. And now I'm
finally at a point. I got a winning back
test. Let's get it. Let me build this
out. And I use small size and scaled it
up. And I actually still use a portion
of that system to this day. So I'll
never forget that eggs and bacon, dude.
Puerto Rican eggs and bacon. Uhhuh.
I don't I I just don't see why as a
trader, what's the difference between me
and you? And that's what got me over the
hump, right? Because I heard of like all
these algorithmic traders, Jane Street,
whatever. I heard of them, but I was
like, I can't do that. I can't do that.
I don't know how to code. I don't know
how to code, dude. Like, I could never
do that. But then I I met somebody. I
walked into the crib and a real estate
agent was showing me a new place. And I
walk into the crib and this guy is
sitting on the couch with a computer
screen kind of that inspired my computer
screen now. All this [__] going on, all
these terminals and he was smoking a
joint. The windows were wide open. It's
in Puerto Rico. Windows wide open and
the air conditioning on. That was like,
okay, you're balling, bro. You got the
air conditioning on with the windows
wide open and you're just chilling
smoking a joint. What are you doing?
What is going on your screen? I couldn't
I couldn't pay attention to what the
real tried to say. I had to see ask him.
He's like, "Oh, I'm an algorithmic
trader." He had his little uh wife
beater on or tank top.
So, just a normal dude like could be my
friend back from back home, West Coast.
Seemed like just like West Coast kid I
could rock with. And he's like, "I'm
although
I [__] with you, heavy. You're trading a
billion dollars per day, did you say?
Because I'm over here I'm over here on
BitMX using 40x 50x leverage getting
absolutely smoked. I've heard of Jane
Street. I heard of Jim Simons. I heard
of Renaissance. But
thank you so much for for showing me
this place, Miss Realtor. You just
changed my life. You just changed my
life, Miss Realtor.
how much training I have done by simply
starting at 400. Right? So now you do
that and as the years go on, the
separation that you have with your
competitors to your peers just grows
larger and larger and larger and larger
and larger. By year five or six, doesn't
matter what kind of work they do in the
summer, they're never going to catch up.
>> They're never going to catch up. She
changed my life that day. She wanted to
get me in this new place and I said, "No
way. I just met this new dude. He's
trading a billion dollars a day. I'm at
this, mind you. I'm at the point where
it's like, okay, I I need to learn how
to code because it's it's like alt
season. I need to be able to scrape I
need to scrape coin gecko. And I tried
to do it. I was like, damn, you really
need to learn how to code. So, I'm just
like kind of wishy-washy. I don't think
I'm going to do it. I'm going to go back
to Upwork. I've been spend the last
decade hiring developers on Upwork. I'll
just hire somebody off Upwork. But then
once I met this dude, I was like, "Oh
[__] regular person can automate their
trade. He's trading a billion dollars a
day. I don't have a billion dollars. I
don't need to trade a billion dollars.
No way. But you just changed my life,
Miss Realtor. You You introduced me to a
regular, a normie just like me that is
trading a billion dollars a day. Solves
my exact problem I have right now. I
have too much cash. I'm trading. It's my
life savings with max leverage. I'm
going to lose it all. Dude, you just
changed my life, Miss Realtor. Thank you
for introducing me to this random dude
right here. And now I live in that crib,
dude. Why? Because I said, "You can do
it. I can do it." And boom, your red
your red blood is red. Okay, my red
blood is red. Okay, let's get it. Now
I'm in that crib. Let's get it, dude.
Let's get it. I'm in that crib now. It's
my crib now.
Come on, man. You can do anything. I
believe in you. If I can do it, you can
do it. If he could do it, I can do it.
That proved it. That proved it. And you
sit here, you listen to me. I read
things backwards. That lady was probably
right when she said she I need to stay
back in seventh grade again because I
read backwards. I'm dyslexic like a
mofo. I got all the excuses in the
world. I got all the excuses in the
world.
and you do too. But I think you're a
doer, not a dabble. I think you're a
doer. So, we got these four bots live
here. They should be Gucci. Okay,
let's see what's going on up here. So,
done. Both strategies passed all four
robustness tests. Wow. So, these things
that used to take me eight hours, one
back test, I've done what, like eight of
them, 10 of them already. Oh, building a
bot used to be so so hard.
Used to take months.
Oh, I've already launched four of them
already.
Okay. And I did robustness tests here.
Robustness test results. Lick ratio
momentum here. It passed. Okay. Passed
on the sign signal permutation as well.
Nice. RAM sensitivity it passed as well.
Transaction cost it passed. Wow. 27 is
the break even. So remember transaction
costs are only 045.
500k momentum pass pass. Signal
permutation most important test. Both
strategies, zero out of 25 random
shuffles beat the real strategy. All
random shuffles resulted in massive
losses. This confirms a real edge. The
liquidation signals have genuine
predictive power. Transaction cost
buffer. Okay, this one's sick, too. It
pretty much makes the transaction cost
like 10x see when it goes ahead and
breaks even. 180% safety margin for real
world trading. Final verdict. You have
three strategies ready for
implementation. The V8 pullback, yes,
3,418%
return. Sharp of 4.13.
The lick ratio momentum 101% return.
Sharp of 1.66. 500K momentum 58%. Dude,
so we got three winners here and those
are all in the Jan 26 folder. And matter
of fact, I'm going to go ahead and get
all of that code up to GitHub right now.
Get commit slash amp
new back test. Who this
get push? Let's get it. Okay, so this is
all on the GitHub now. All on that
trading bot GitHub, dude. Let's get it,
dude. Every day I'm going to lock in and
I'm going to keep uploading. I don't I
don't know if I'm going to keep sharing
this on the lives anymore. They don't
want me on YouTube anymore. Okay, that's
fine. I I'll get on the Zoom.
We got ops in the Zoom now. Okay, let's
just do it by myself. I don't have to
talk through it. I don't have to teach
it. But I'll still upload everything to
the Mundav trading bot. So, I'm not
going to be here forever. I promise you
that. You can see I just uploaded these
back tests here. So, a ton of different
back tests here.
Liquidations in the liquidation folder
here. Jan 26. That's what we're working.
I got three winners to implement in the
bots because remember, I just follow my
system. Research, back test, and then
implement.
research, back test, and then implement.
If you're a complete beginner, you
should already know my entire process.
You should know that you can do this,
dude. You can automate your trading. All
you need to bring is your ambition and
your ideas. And if you don't have ideas,
I showed you where you can find
unlimited ideas. And if you're an
advanced coder, there are so many
there's so many intricacies here that
I'm going to save you hundreds, if not
thousands of hours just by today. I want
I want to make sure that every day I'm
dropping fire so you can leave here and
say, "Hey, this was this was the best
day ever. Let's get it. Let's get it,
dude. Let's get it." And it's crazy how
many coders I've helped that are way
ahead of me in coding. Way ahead of me.
Remember, I've only been coding for five
years. I had to learn how to code to
automate my training. So, there's devs
that come through here every single day
and they teach me things. And that's the
beautiful thing about locking in with
me, dude.
We have engineers that are way ahead of
both of us that are telling us, teaching
us. We got quant here that are ahead of
both of us. They're working at
Renaissance Technologies. Do we have
Renaissance Technologies, Jim Simon's
company, somebody from from their
company dropped their exact approach to
the markets. That's the type of stuff
you get when you lock in with me, dude.
It's about the community. And we have
the strongest algo trading community in
the world.
And you might be thinking, "Oh, but I I
can't do this because of I'm dyslexic.
I'm autistic. I'm Dude, I'm all that."
Plus some.
You could do anything.
I know it for a fact because I've helped
hundreds of people just like yourself
that have never coded before
turn into fully automated traders. And
one of the best things I hear is, "Moon
Moon, you changed my life because I went
from this this anxious, stressed out
hand trader that's just worried about my
positions the whole time to immediately
when I turned into a quant, my life just
got significantly better. I got happier.
I didn't have the stress. I didn't have
to worry about my positions all the
time.
And on top of that, I'm so much more
profitable.
I just want you to I want you to trade
emotion free, dude. I want you to spend
your time on things that compound. I
don't want you to spend your time your
your precious precious time. You don't
know when the last day is. You don't
know when the last I got [__]
blindsided, bro. The kid the my best
friend I I would it's never crossed my
mind that he wouldn't be here to this
day.
And that [__] never crossed my mind. And
I'm sure you got people in your life,
it'll never cross your mind until that
day you get that call. So don't waste
your time. Please, you get anything from
today is please just go spend your time
on something rather than just staring at
the charts. Like staring at the charts,
there's no value at dude. It's so sad
because the most ambitious traders, most
ambitious people in the world become
traders and these are the people that
could be the next Steve Jobs,
Mark Zuck, whatever. But instead of
using that mental energy, the four
hours, 5 hours a day on building systems
that multiply, we're just staring at
these charts, dude. You can't just work
harder at trading and become better. You
can't. You can't. You can't. You can't.
You can't.
I got a lot a lot here that I need to go
through. I got a lot to build here
today. So Oh, I want to look into this.
This is actually super interesting. So,
where should I do this? Yeah, I should
probably do it here. Okay. So, we're
going to do a new project here. So, make
a new folder. And it's going to be
outside of our back test. Actually,
let's go ahead and put this one in.
Oh, actually, I'm going to put this
somewhere else.
So, let's find the AI agents GitHub.
So, I have another GitHub. I've got two
main GitHubs. The AI agents one and then
the
the trading bot one you just saw.
Sorry. Trying to lock. Trying to lock.
Trying to lock because I got a new
project here. I want to get started
again. Research, back test, implement.
I'm always researching. I'm always back
testing. I'm always coming up with new
ideas. I'm seeing if it works in the
past. If it works in the past, let's get
it. If it doesn't, it's okay. I don't I
don't care which one of my ideas does
well. All I care about is building
systems that make money at the end of
the day.
So I need to get to the agents GitHub.
So agents
have AI agents.
CL AI agents. AI agents. Is this the
one? Copy repo path.
CD up in there. Code dot.
Okay, this is the one.
Okay, so this is my agent GitHub and
this is going to be sick. So let's say
cursor actually T first and then cursor.
Okay, let's bring this over here so
I know where we're at. Okay, so all
right. So I want you to go ahead and
look through our agent section here. And
I have this Tik Tok agent.
Can you tell me what that Tik Tok agent
does? Essentially, I have a probably 20
different
>> search
>> things that I want it to search and then
see what the videos are for them.
>> You're going to do it. Just decide and
then from that point, the universe is
going to get out your way. It's like
it's water. It wants to it wants to move
and go around and stuff, you know.
>> Okay. So, let me explain this more. So,
long story short, there's a YouTube
channel I've been watching for a long
time and I'm always researching new
ideas. Okay, so this is a new idea. It's
a new approach to the market and they've
been crushing it like uh they're making
10x a year some years, but whatever.
Their approach is social arbitrage.
Social arbitrage is essentially finding
trends before Wall Street finds them.
This happens all the time because a lot
of the trends are started with like kids
that are 19 to 22 while Wall Street
traders are 40, 50-y old guys that have
no idea. So there's a huge gap there.
Social arbitrage, finding things before
Wall Street finds them. Super easy. So
the thought here is, okay, um
it all comes down to the searches that
you're searching.
For example, sold out everywhere is
going to go ahead and bring up a ton of
different ideas or bunch of videos
showing things that are sold out
everywhere or super expensive or finally
got my hands on these things that I'll
post below. These are different tags.
We'll call them tags. Let's make a new
folder here in the
in the agent section. Let's make a new
folder called social arbitrage.
And here are the tags below. But I
essentially want you to look through the
Tik Tok
agent right now and see how that works.
Are we able to go in there and put in
these search tags and then see all of
the videos that are uh in that or put
them in a file that I could then look
at? You kind of understand what I'm
going at now. I have all of these tags
and I need to find all the videos that
are in these tags and organize them in a
CSV if possible. I don't know if that's
possible because we're going to have to
use the computer and type it into the
search. I think we should be able to do
that with Selenium or something like
that. Um, I also want you to think of
other ways to use these tags to uncover
different ideas, different uh
companies that could have a lag to them,
right?
So,
a great example of this is like
Abbercomi all of a sudden started
popping again in the last two years, but
nobody knew that on Wall Street until
later. And if we would have been
watching sold out everywhere, we would
have seen that [__] the kids are back
on Abbercrombie. Why wouldn't we buy
that before it runs up? Things like
that. And same thing with Crocs, same
thing with uh Celsius, all of these
different things. There's a huge lag in
time from when Wall Street understands
about something and when Tik Tok is
talking about it. Long story short. So,
I want you to think about this. Look at
the tags we have and let's plan out
something using that Tik Tok agent or
even our other agents. I don't think
maybe our other agents will help, but I
think the Tik Tok agent is the main one
as I know the Dumb Money channel is
getting most of their alpha from Tik Tok
these days. And I I've tested it by
hand. It works. This is This works
really well. It just takes time. So, if
I could have some AI agents doing this
for me 247 and every morning, I could
just pop in and see. Damn, look at that.
These are some new discoveries here.
Okay, I think you get it now. All right,
so I'm going to use plan mode here.
Again, I showed you plan mode earlier
today, but this is a project I really
really wanted to build out here. Um, I'm
very inspired by their approach to the
market and they're they're beasts.
They're beast. you know Chris Camilillo
probably, but if you don't know Chris,
then you should definitely learn from
him because he's a beast. Okay, so I've
got that project underway. So I want to
keep going here and um
yeah, dude,
this is fire. So she Oh, I didn't do
plan mode. [__]
So let's do that. Uh and then remember
it's shift tab. Shift tab a few times.
Okay, now it's in plan mode.
Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful. Oh my
god, I didn't even show you guys this
though. Inside of this GitHub here, look
at this, dude. Look at this. I can have
an agent run for me 247. Remember, the
process of automating your trading is
research, back test, and then implement.
Research, back test, and then implement.
This process here of back testing takes
forever. Took me eight hours to do by
hand. You saw me do a bunch of them
today already. Um, just because Quad
Code is sick, but we didn't have that
before. So, what I did is I built an
agentic loop here that will go ahead and
back test any idea that I want forever.
It's so sick, dude. Oh my god, this
stuff blows my mind. Copy path here. And
I can just say CD up into here. Okay,
T for TFlow Python. Run it. And then
it's going to sit here and it's going to
back test any ideas that I have.
Literally, it's going to research the
idea that this what I do. Research,
research, research. And then it's going
to back test. It's going to code the
back test. And then it's going to debug
the back test. So sick, dude. So all I
have to do here is I go here and I say
under data under RBI agent. Let's go
find it. RBI agent, where are you?
There's so much here. Agents. Okay. And
then under um ideas. So any idea I put
in here, it will go ahead and back test.
So I've got a bunch of ideas here. I'll
just uh let me go ahead and just select
a ball
and I have this
I forget how to use it. Um command
shift.
So any idea I say here it'll start
going. You can see it's already going.
So, it's testing four different ideas.
Every line here is a different type of
idea, trading idea. So, now I have a
aentic flow that will sit here and
literally back test for me all day long.
And it'll just output the winners
all day long. All day long. It's
amazing. So, again, this process used to
take me eight hours. Now, it just takes
me a few seconds to put a new idea in
here. And now we have 15 different ideas
being back tested. You can see she's
using Grock, which is X AIS or Twitter's
AIS um AI. So sick. So now you know
exactly how to use the RBI agent. And
again, this RBI agent is already in the
GitHub. So this exact uh not this
GitHub, there's two GitHubs, right? I
have the TradingBot GitHub and then I
have the AI agent GitHub. Both of them
are 100% private and you cannot have
access to them unless you're on the
inside. Let's go find the hyperlquid or
not the hyperlquid, the AI agents, moon
AI agents here. And you can see this is
the code that I'm using. Some of you
have access to this. Some of you don't
or most of you don't. Most people don't
just because this stuff is super
powerful, bro. I have a swarm agent here
that I can set a swarm to any different
a swarm analysis to anything really. I
just bring her in. But here you can see
the RBI agent multi PPP. This is all the
code for it. So this is revolutionary in
my mind because now I have an AI swarm
that can back test any idea super
quickly all day every day and nobody
else has access to this. So that's
amazing man. That's amazing. And you can
see I have my different my stat arbs
running as well. And we've built a bunch
of back tests already. So you can see
she's got 16 back tests she's working
on. Up here I got Claude code. She's now
finished with what I wanted her to do,
which was go through this and see how I
can use these tickers in order to find
social arbitrage opportunities. I've
read through the Tik Tok agent. Here's
what I found. Current Tik Tok agent
summary. It uses PI auto guey plus core
graphics
to control the browser, opens Tik Tok's
for you page, and scrolls through
videos, takes screenshots of videos and
comments. Okay, so this makes sense. It
only scrapes the for you page. the gap.
Your agent can scrape videos, but it
can't search for specific terms like
sold out everywhere or Tik Tok made me
buy. That's exactly what you want for
social arbitrage. So, let's see here.
I've analyzed a Tik Tok agent and
created a plan. Here's the summary.
Current problem. Your Tik Tok agent uses
the for you. Okay. The plan is to create
a social arbitrage folder with agents
that search Tik Tok for up for each of
your 22 tags. Extracts the brand/c
company names. Okay. I mean, sick. If
you could do this, dude. Should I use
Selenium? Yes, if you can.
Uh, 10 videos per tag, 25 videos per
tag, 50 videos per tag. Okay, how often
should this run? Uh, once daily.
Yeah, that's fine. Okay, let's see if
she could do this. I I'm a little
skeptical if she could actually do this,
but you can see how I use plan mode
there to make sure we're on the same
page.
me go ahead and answer any questions
here. Yeah, the AI agents GitHub is
cooked, bro. It's only for members.
Answer some questions here.
Thanks, Dr. Moon. Let's keep going. It's
never finished. Okay, look at this. Look
at this. So, we got more. This is more
of the plan mode.
So, okay, we got all of the tags.
Current Tik Tok agent opens for you.
What's missing? No search functionality.
Only scrapes for you. Proposed
architecture here. Looks good. Create
alpha tags. Okay. Brand extractor. Okay.
>> A pair of shoes and they add the store.
They're really at the store. You just
don't have it yet. It ain't like that
[__] don't exist. It's just really at
the store. That's how I looked at my
whole life. If I want it, if I believe I
can have it, then that's my reality.
Okay, I'm gonna see if she can what she
can do with this. This is interesting.
Job's not finished, baby. It's never
finished. Never finished. Lock in. Lock
in.
How was the process of moving to PR? It
was a [__] bro. Hella hoops you got to
jump through. But it's done. It took
about a year.
You got to jump through hella hoops, but
it's it's not it's not hard. It's just
you got to get a lawyer. So,
take the rest of practice off. You
tired?
Oh, man. Let's get it.
What's the B algo? You got to build your
own.
Got to build your own.
Thank you, Kelly. Appreciate you.
Appreciate you, bros. 777. Much love.
Let's get it. Let's get it every day.
Let's get it, dude. Let's get it.
How much are you spending on credits and
subscriptions to run all this? Um,
credits I am using $200 a month for
cloud code, but then like this AI agent
stuff probably like510
when I run it a day, $5 a day probably.
It's nothing crazy.
Uh, links for everything are right here.
So, I'm just dropping that into the
chat.
Uh, I know I threw a lot at you guys
today. I've got some more I got to get
done here. Um, again, like I said, I
want to try to keep mixing in some like
actionable teaching stuff so when you do
log in, you get access to to everything.
And um, yeah, I just want to make it
phenomenal, dude. I want to make it
phenomenal every time you lock in. So,
much love to you. Uh, if you get in
before the end, you do get you do get
everything if you get in before the end.
If you're on the outside, jump in.
Jump in, dude. Jump in. You got access
to everything. Uh, let's see here. How
are we doing on time? I don't want to
hold you guys too long. What did I say
here? Mundave.com.
What did I say this was going to tell?
10 a.m. Eastern time. Okay. [__] It's
almost 10 a.m. Eastern time. Um,
damn, damn. Damn. Time flies. I got a
couple more things I got to get done
first. Uh, let's see here.
Oh my god, I've just I have I've had so
many insights the last few days. My list
is so long. I'm just trying to figure
out what things I hit first. I'm trying
to I've already hit some of the most
important things. The stat arm, of
course, the uh back test.
Oh, I want to add that as well.
Hyperlid leads liquidations. I don't
know if you guys understand that, but
they lead liquidations.
So, this is an interesting idea that
I've had. Um, with Hyperlid, they're the
first ones to liquidate because they
liquidate at 50%. So, I have an idea
here of, and I'll just tell you it
verbally because I don't have the time
to get into it right now, but maybe in
the next days I'll do it. Uh, I want to
verbally tell you this idea I had. Uh,
okay. So, if you've traded on Hyperlid,
you understand that they liquidate
people at 50%.
Pony, how are you? Good to see you. They
they liquidate people when you're down
50%. So, what that tells me is they lead
the liquidations. So, if you see
hyperlquid liquidations come in,
then you know that the Binance
liquidations haven't come in yet. So, it
may be I have to test this, of course,
it may be a leading indicator of a
cascade because if Hyperlid liquidates
you at 50%.
while everybody else liquidates you at
100%. Well, if you start seeing
hyperlquid liquidations come in, that
may lead to Binance and OKX and other
liquidations. So, I think that's a very
interesting thing that I need to build
into Quant app,
but
yeah, dude, there's
I went over a lot today. I went over a
lot today. Uh let's take a two-minute
break. All right, two-minute break. Let
me get some water.
All right. So, I do want to test that
idea real quick.
I just I just I'm itching to test that
one. Okay. So, you can see here the
social arbitrage agent system is fully
implemented. Here's a summary alpha
tags. Uh, I'm gonna have to come back to
this because this is super fire, but I
think this is a full day. So, it's under
social arbitrage. Perfect. So, we've got
this teed up for another day,
but you just come back to the live and
you'll get access. You'll see everything
if you're interested in this. I think
this is very, very interesting.
So, Jan 123 here. Uh, I already queued
this up and I have a social arbitrage
agent in my AI agents GitHub that I am
super excited to run.
Okay, but I want to go back to the back
testing real quick. So, back testing
s. Okay, perfect.
Okay, so I have an idea here of
that hyperlquid liquidations lead the
cascades. Okay, so Hyperlquid liquidates
people at 50% loss while everybody else
liquidates you at 100% loss. So you got
like Binance, OKX,
etc. And essentially my hypothesis I
want to test is can we see the
liquidations come in on hyperlquid
and then assume that if they start
coming in at a small volume on hyperl
liquid that the price will cascade that
way and then the Binance liquidations
will come in and once the Binance
liquidations come in that's when we
close the position. So, we would go with
momentum. For example, if there's a
bunch of long liquidations on Hyperlid
specifically,
then we'd enter and then close when
there's long big big long liquidations
on Binance. Now, obviously, we're going
to have to start with like smaller
hyperlquid liquidations.
Maybe not even that small, like a couple
hundred thousand and then assume that's
going to be the start of the liquidation
cascade. Launch five different agents
here to test this theory out. Here is
Here is the
the calls you'll need for these
getting the hyperlquid liquidation data
separately from the other data, the
Binance liquidation data.
Okay, I'm gonna have her tee that off.
Um, let's make sure that my API key
>> I knew I was going to make it. I just
ain't know how.
I knew this world is what you make it.
You create your own environment. It all
starts with a vision.
>> What you can imagine, you can create.
>> Just got to make sure that my API keys
are correct.
>> It's not correct
cuz I had to change it the other day
because I showed you guys. I showed you
my key. be I showed you my key, so I
have to change it. Maybe you didn't see
me show you your key. That's good.
Okay, so let's close it out here. And
then let's go to the uh examples here.
Um, how do we get there?
Have trading bots here.
Um,
where are those? I need the hyperlid.
Okay, so stat
so many things to run, dude. Code. Okay,
let's go ahead and open that up here.
There she is. So, liquidation's here.
Uh,
yeah, I'm going to tee this off so she
can do this.
liquidations there and then um
copy path here as well.
Okay. And then liquidations here.
You can assume that I have my Mundv API
key here. And then you can look through
this directory how they called all that
stuff. But uh those are different ways
to get liquidations. Remember, you're
going to get the liquidations from the
hyperlquid and use that as the indicator
to enter momentum and then you're going
to close when those long liquidations
happen or short liquidations will be
long and short. Um, test different ideas
across all five agents here, but with
that premise that hyperlquid
liquidations lead because they liquidate
people at 50% and Binance and OKX and
these other places, they they liquidate
people to 100%. So, we're using the idea
of hyperlquid liquidations being an
indicator to cascades. Use five agents.
You should have everything here um to
order in order to run this. Okay. So,
this is my last little project I want to
do. I know I threw a lot at you. I tried
to get a bunch of stuff done today. And
then also
on top of that, I tried to uh teach some
things, some updates here. Uh let me ask
you one question.
Uh, if you used everything you learned
today, do you believe that you could
automate your trading? You saw how to
research. Do do you believe you can
automate how you your trading now? You
where to find ideas? Do you believe you
could find new ideas? Do you believe you
could back test now? Yes. Is there any
yeses in the chat? Do you believe you
could do this? You know, I got red
blood. You got red blood. Throw a yes in
the chat if you believe you could
actually do this now. Yes. Okay. Okay.
Let's get it. Okay. Great. Great. Great.
You guys all said yes. Okay. Let's get
it. Let's get it, dude. Are you guys
excited? Yes. Yes. Yes. Come on. Let's
get it.
Okay. Perfect. Perfect. I just wanted to
make sure that that I actually was able
to get stuff done today while actually
teaching at the same time. Um I think
this is a better format because
I go so fast and I'm building so many
things that I sometimes am not able to
get you guys up to speed. So, I'm just
going to try to sprinkle in some some
teaching here and there. Um,
and since I got a bunch of yeses, I do
have one more question for you.
Can I spend 10 minutes here just going
over I set up a special a special offer
that nobody's ever seen before. It's a
special package. Throw a one in the chat
if that's chill. It'll be 10 minutes.
One. Okay, Felix, let's get it.
One. One. One.
Sprinkling in lessons is good. Okay,
great. I'm glad you guys like that
format today. Um, like I said, you know,
I've been setting up this mundab.com
funding
system here and you know, now I'm
working with other people. Um, I see
Kelly in the chat. So, a couple of other
people are going to get funded or and I
had to build out that system. So, I just
took a couple days back to build that
system out by myself. Uh, we should get
back to normal programming here where
I'm locked in every day. But, dude, it's
actually I also had a thought. I might
have to pull back on the streams. I
might only do two, three streams a week
because in the last couple days, I've
gotten so much more done than I do when
I have to speak through things. And
somebody said that the other day.
They're like, "That's our edge on you,
Moon, is you have to talk through
everything." And we get just go. And I
haven't tested that theory out in years.
In years, dude, every day I've logged in
with you to show absolutely everything.
So these last couple days where I didn't
stream
in all honesty, I got more done.
But the way I look at this, dude, is
my time when I stream. If I show you
guys everything, it's not just about me.
I believe code's a great equalizer. I
was scared my entire life to learn how
to code. So when I find a big unlock
like that, I have to share it with my
friends. My friends don't give a [__]
But you guys found me on YouTube. You
guys found me on YouTube, so I know you
give a [__] you actually want to
automate your trading. So yes, I might
go slower when I'm on stream because I
have to speak through things, but I'm
helping people. And to me, I'm a like
I'm a teacher at heart. So I want to
help people. I believe codes great
equalizer. If I have an unlock that
blows my mind, I want to help you guys.
So since you guys threw in in the chat
here that you do want me to go spend 10
minutes to go over this, let me go ahead
and make sure you have all of the stuffs
here. I see Wishy just got here. Good
morning.
Let's get it. You are great. Respect.
Thank you.
Okay, so let me spend 10 minutes going
over this. Um, let's see here. I did say
we'd get off by
11:00 a.m. 10. Sorry, it's 11:00 a.m.
here, but it's 10:00 a.m. East Coast
time. Why is it that way? I don't know.
I feel like no island changes times. So
Hawaii does the same thing I think.
Does Hawaii
participate? Yeah.
In daylight
savings.
Yeah. Daylight savings is not observed
in Hawaii or Puerto Rico. So no islands.
It seems like islands just don't mess
with that.
That's crazy, bro. I wonder why this
island life is too chill, bro.
All right, let me spend that 10 minutes.
Um, okay. I got this new page here, moon
mundave.com. And nobody's seen this
before. Nobody's seen this. This is
brand new. Nobody's seen any of what I'm
about to show you. So,
it's mundave.com.
And I'm going to drop the links one last
time.
One last time. I'm going to lock in for
this 10 minutes to explain everything
here.
Yeah, we never change clocks. But what
happens is I'm on East Coast time for
half the year and then this half of the
year is hard for me, bro. Because I'm
one hour ahead of East Coast. And I'm
trying to respect you guys' sleep a
little bit.
So like I'm up here. I'm at up at like 5
6 a.m. and that's like 4 4 5 a.m. East
Coast time or like 1 2 a.m. Pacific
time. I'm from I'm from the West Coast,
too. So I feel extra bad how early I get
on, but I'm itching when I wake up. So,
I'm just been I've been like during this
six months, I'm like stalling in the
morning to like go do something else, go
work out, go take an extra long walk,
yada yada.
Island life, people aren't forced to get
that eight hours of working like
capitalist system and continental. It's
true, Grover. That's true. That's very
true.
Yeah, we're just we we uh we work too
hard in the other world. I don't know. I
don't I don't really think it's too
hard, but I like it. I like it. I like
stepping on the gas, but I also
appreciate the things I've learned from
PR. PR stands for patience required. And
that's a really, really good thing to
learn as a trader
because none of us are really that
patient.
It's not for nature. Okay, I'm gonna
drop this in here and then I'm going to
show you this. Uh, it'll be like 10 15
minutes. Okay. So, if anybody jumps in,
this is brand new here. Um, this is that
special package I set up for you guys
only. So, mundab.com
win.
Okay. So, what I want to do is I want to
go through this step by step.
I'm going to show you everything you're
going to get with this neverbeforeseen
package
that only you guys get to see
there. You don't have the link yet. You
don't have the link? Nobody has the link
yet. I'll give you the link later.
I know you heard of the MLK deal, all
that. I know I've been spamming you all
over the place, but nobody's seen this.
Nobody's seen this, dude.
So, of course, you're going to get the
algo trade camp.
I know I just throw threw a lot at you
and I I really truly hope that you can
just go step on the gas today with that
road map
and every all the tips I gave you today,
but I wanted to put this special
together for you guys because you guys
lock in with me all the time. So, let's
get it. You're going to get the Algo
Trade Camp and that's a $3,000 value.
You can go look at the reviews on the
internet, but the AGO Trade Camp is
pretty much a culmination of everything
I know when it comes to automated
trading and is teaching you, even if you
don't know how to code, how to automate
your trading. Step by step, I hold your
hand.
>> Your time is limited, so don't waste it
living someone else's life.
>> That was Steve Jobs, and he says, "Your
time is limited, so don't waste it
living someone else's life." If you
truly want to be a trader, you have two
options right now. Option one, stop
trading or option two, approach it
quantitatively. I showed you how to
research. I showed you where to get
ideas. I showed you how to back test. I
gave you the code for the back test. I
gave you the step-by-step plan for
building out actual bots. But in the
ALGO Trade Camp, this is a six-w weekek
stepbystep
videos that show you even if you don't
know how to code, I I show you how to
use AI so it code for you. You just have
to come with the ambition and the ideas.
So, that's what the Algo Trade Camp is.
It's 60 different days of step-by-step
videos. And in the first 15 days, that
first 15 days shows you how to automate
your trading. Days 15 to 60 are because
I'm I'm not your guru. I'm chasing Jim
Simons. He has 31 or he had $31 billion.
He passed
$ 31 billion. I don't have a billion
dollars. So, I have a long ways to go.
But what happened is I shared all this
on YouTube because I spazed out. I was
excited, dude. Dude, anybody can learn
how to code. That's what that was my
realization.
I didn't know how to code. I spent
hundreds of thousands of dollars on
Upwork developers to code out apps for
me because why would I learn how to
code? Well, you have to learn how to
code if you actually want to automate
your trading because you have to build
your own edge. You have to have your own
ideas. You have to keep that close to
your chest. But that unlock to me was
like, dude, I'm the computer guy of my
friends. I'm the one who's run up bags
on businesses after business of my
friends and none of my friends ever want
to do this. So [__] I'm just going to
show it on YouTube and see who shows up.
And you guys are here. So I'm sure
you've looked at your friends before and
been like, "Bro, try this. I'm doing
this. It's working. Y try this." They
just don't want to do it. They're not
interested. But that's the beautiful
thing about the internet and YouTube is
you guys all found me somehow. And while
I was figuring out how to code on
YouTube and then how to automate my
training on YouTube,
well, guess what? A lot of you guys
found me and you're like, "Moon, please
put together a boot camp. Put together a
course. Show me this step by step
because you're just I I see that you're
a regular person just like me. I see I
could do this. I just need you to hold
my hand." So, what I did is I did that.
I finally built a a boot camp. It was a
15-day boot camp that showed anybody how
to automate their trading step by step.
And that's the Algo Trade Camp. It holds
your hand through the entire process.
It's a $3,000 value. It could be way
more than that simply because it's I
would have died to have this from the
guy that t that inspired me, but he
wasn't sharing anything. Wall Street
will never share anything with you. They
don't want you to win, dude. I want you
to win. I want you to have success. I
want you to have this light bulb that
goes off in your head like, damn, I can
automate my trading, too, as long as I
follow this system that Moondev shows me
step by step. I don't have to have that
anxiety, that weight on my shoulders.
Doesn't it feel good to just to just
know for the rest of your life? You
don't have to sit in front of those
charts. You hear that noise in the
background? Yeah. Those are people
getting liquidated. People that are
using 40x leverage getting liquidated.
Yes, I hear it all day. You don't have
to worry about that life anymore. You
can take that that weight that's on your
chest right now of like, am I going to
win? Am I going to lose? Do I know if
the price is going up or down? You don't
have to make those decisions anymore.
You're going to automate your trading.
You're going to see if it works in the
past. If it works in the past, it's much
more likely to work in the future. I
walk you through those steps step by
step, even if you've never ever coded
before. So, you get the algo trade camp
that is going to take a five-year
process and break it down into 15 days
and then have an expansion pack to six
weeks. So, you'll learn in the next 15
days, but then there's more because I'm
still here. I'm not going anywhere. And
when I learn new things, I add it to the
algo trade camp. That's at least a
$3,000 value. I would have paid $50,000
for this knowledge from that guy that
inspired me, but he wouldn't tell me
anything because he's part of Wall
Street. He's one of those quants, dude.
He's one of those guys that wants to
say, "You can't do this because I went
to Stanford." yada yada. Okay. Okay,
bro. You're literally sitting there
smoking a joint and I bought your crib.
So, if I can buy your crib, then why
can't I trade a billion dollars a day,
too? You know, there's no difference
between me and you. Doesn't matter where
you are in this world. If you learn how
to code, you can automate your trading.
This is the exact blueprint. Algo Trade
Camp. Go look at the reviews on the
internet. But you're going to get way
more than that. So you get algo trade
camp that is going to revolutionize the
way you trade for the rest of your life.
You'll never have to click enter. You'll
never get liquidated like these guys.
You can hear them. You can hear them all
day. The timing of this is perfect.
Don't be one of those guys. Please. You
get the I'll go create trade camp. I'll
show you step by step how to automate
your trading.
But not only that, you saw some of these
samples of what I know with AI. I've
been using AI since the start. Dude, I
got roasted, but I figured everything
out when it comes to AI. So, I have AI
master classes that will show you step
by step how to have AI do the heavy
lifting.
That's at least $1,000 value. Arguably
more. So, we're at $3,997.
Dude, this is going to show you how to
automate your trading and then show you
how to have AI do all the hard stuff for
you. So, you don't know need to know how
to code. And then I spent six months at
least. Wish he was here. I definitely
know Wishy was here. Wayne in the chat,
Jane was here. There's a ton of us that
were locking in for six months plus
trying to figure out how to trade
automatically with bots on Solana.
We built a copybot and a sniper bot.
They absolutely cleaned up. Now,
Solana's kind of dead right now, but I
think it's one of the best casinos. So,
eventually,
if it does come back, who's going to be
ready? Me and you. because I have a
step-by-step course that took six months
of time and teaches you in a couple
days. So, you can build bots not only
for any exchange in the world because
Algo Trade Camp shows you how to use
CCXT which connects to Binance,
Coinbase, all exchanges and then also
shows you how to use Hyperlid so you can
connect directly. You got AI that can
help you along the way if you ever have
any questions, but we're also there for
you. We have a group of quants that are
here in the chat with you all day. If
you ever have questions, don't worry
about it. we got you. But not only that,
you also learn how to build onchain. So
these are skills and these are skills
that are insane and you need to have
because guess what? Tomorrow the action
might be on Solana.
While right now we have to be able to
short. You could hear all these
liquidations. Those are short
liquidations. Those are long
liquidations. So the only way to win is
short. Well, how do you do that? That's
hyperlquid or a purpose exchange. I show
you how to do all that in Algo Trade
Camp. So now you know how to create bots
for any exchange, but you also know how
to create bots on chain with Solana.
These are short, concise videos that you
can watch at any speed in any language.
This is at least a $5,497
value. And that's because I would
literally pay this if I could go back
five years in time and just download all
of the information. Oh my god. If I got
what I'm giving you just now that's on
the screen, that's worth so much money.
That's worth 25 racks to me. But I know
I know what's in there. And of course
I'm biased.
Let's keep going. There's more. There's
more. I'm also going to give you a Poly
Market trading bot course. So Poly
Market is crazy. There are so many
markets. There's so many markets
available to trade. We've never seen
anything like this and nobody else knows
how to build bots for it. Some people
do, of course, like Jane Street the
funds, but they're never going to share
it with you. I show you exactly how to
build bots for Poly Market step by step.
learn exactly how to automate your
trading on Poly Market as well. So now
you have a bag, you have a deep bag you
can build for any crypto exchange,
onchain, Solana, and Poly Market. Do you
see how this is going to give you an
edge while everybody else is just trying
just figuring out what Poly Market is?
You're already trading algorithmically
on it. While everybody else is going to
when meme season comes back, they're
going to be trading on Solana by hand,
getting absolutely wrecked. You're going
to be looking at data they don't even
know about. I show you all this.
But not only that, I'm also going to
give you unlimited private Zoom calls.
So all like this call right now,
everybody else has to pay for it. You
get unlimited forever.
And we'll have other events. Anytime
that I have a Zoom event, you're in for
free.
And then on top of that, Quantite.
People are literally paying $297 per
month right now for Quantite. So, you're
going to get the algo trade camp that's
showing you step-by-step how to automate
your trading. You're going to get AI
master classes so you see exactly how to
have AI code for you and do all the hard
things for you.
You've got the Solana CopyBot and Sniper
course.
You get the Poly Market Trademot course.
It's insane. This is like you weren't
able to do this a year ago, but now I'll
show you how to do it in the next few
days.
You get unlimited Zoom calls and then
you get Quantite. Quantite is special.
Why? Because this is where I put my new
bots, new back tests, and I've been
doing this for years now. But not only
that, I have multiple quants in here
that are doing the same thing. So, every
single day, we're uploading multiple
times a week, new back tests. We're
reading papers, doing the RBI system for
you, researching, back testing,
implementing, and anything that we come
up with, we add here. And we've been
doing this for years. So there's over
300 pieces of code, back test, bots,
algos,
data. This is two gigabytes of
liquidation data, dude. That would cost
$10,000.
>> This is what I believe
and I'm willing to die for it.
>> Period.
>> I'm willing to die for this, dude. I'm
chasing a $ 31 billion man. Of course,
I'm willing to dive for this. So, I
built a team years back that are always
researching, always back testing, and
always dropping the code. This is code
for me, by the way. I hired these quants
for me. But I put them into a channel
with all of us. So, we have the members
chat. Of course, you're going to get
access to members chat, but you also get
two plus years of us dropping multiple
times a week. So it's 300 plus back
tests and this is where I put my new
code each week in quantite and then
quantite also gives you access to those
GitHubs you are seeing. So you can see
this value is $13,511
right now and I would pay that right
now. If I can go back in time five years
I would pay that. No doubt I'd pay
double that.
But I wanted to make this even better.
So let's just keep making it better.
Let's make it better and better because
I believe code is a great equalizer. I
believe if you have everything I have,
then you could do things much better
than me. Okay, so bonus number one, I'm
going to give you the Mundv vault, which
is insane. And people have been asking
for this, but you only have 45 minutes
to get in. So, I got to get through this
because um the timer has already
started. So, the Mundev Vault is so
sick. This is literally every single
stream I've ever had that is not on
YouTube anymore. It's two terabytes of
data, two terabytes of videos. You get
to literally see the entire breakdown of
everything I've ever built, ever.
Everything I've learned in order to
build out the ALGO Trade Camp. I did it
live on stream,
but YouTube made me take down all my
videos. I have a few videos left, maybe
a hundred, but I had I used to have a
thousand. Here's two terabytes of my
past videos. So, you can really dive
into the weeds here. You can throw this
in the AI, whatever you need to do.
That's a bonus if you jump in in the
next 45 minutes.
That's just one of the bonuses. There's
multiple bonuses. Bonus number two, you
get the Mundv API key. So, this is a
$10,000 value simply because that's what
I'm going to be selling it to the banks
and hedge funds for. And literally this
liquidation data that you get is $10,000
on Coin Glass. If you go to Coin Glass,
you'll be able to see that they give you
12 days of data for $10,000. $900 a
month. I give you 18 months of
liquidation data, plus I give you the
API key that powers the quant app and
the hyperlquid data layer. All of these
secret data sources that nobody else has
access to, you get access to that with
the API key.
But that's a that's just a bonus because
this is revolutionary. You're going to
learn exactly how to automate your
trading, use AI,
but on top of that, as a bonus, you get
the Moonv API key. That's sick. Another
bonus, you get my trading bot GitHub. If
you saw my trading bot GitHub, there's
another 100 plus back tests in there.
There's a ton of different templates in
there, trading bots here. You can go to
back test. There's so many great ideas
here. Nothing is plugandplay. Make a
million dollars overnight. But you can
see there's hundreds of back tests. I
can scroll through forever here. You get
access to this private GitHub.
And then a lot of people ask me, can you
trade on different exchanges? Look, I
got Binance, I got Extended, I got
Habachi, I got Hyperlquid. All of the
code is here. So you don't have to spend
five years doing all this. No, dude. You
just have to go ahead and find your own
edge and you have everything else built
out for you. That's insane. And then on
top of that, I have interactive brokers.
So if you want to trade futures or
stocks or options, I got all that code
here. This stuff was so hard to build.
It was so hard to build. And you could
go ahead and you I gave you the
information. I gave you a lot of
information today. You could go ahead
attack this for the next five years to
try to catch up to me. But by the time
you catch up to me, I'm going to be on
my 10th year. And everybody inside the
boot camp, they're going to they're
going to have my 10 years of experience.
You see what I'm saying? So, you have
two options. You could be a doer or a
dabler. If you want to dabble, you can
dabble for as long as you want, dude.
But I made this easy for you. You think
you can't do this, dude. I got held back
in seventh grade.
I still read backwards.
You got this, bro. I believe in you. And
think about it. If all this package did
was this, the algo trade camp, if all it
did was automate your trading, would it
be worth $31,000? I don't know about
you, but I used to get liquidated for
$31,000 on the weekly.
On the weekly when I was trading by
hand.
So, would it be worth it? Yes, of
course.
If all I did was teach you how to use AI
to be able to code 100 times faster,
would it be worth it? Yes. If all this
did was give you one profitable Poly
Market or Solana bot, would it be worth
it? Yes. Now, there's nothing
plugandplay, but I have a ton of ideas
and a ton of infrastructure already
built for you, and I show you step by
step how to go from non automated trader
to fully automated trader, even if you
don't know how to code. So, if you could
rest assured for the rest of your life
that you never have to trade by hand,
you have systems that execute with no
emotion, would it be worth it?
Yes, dude. That's why the value is
there. It's It's I would literally pay
that today, but I want to make this so
good. Here's another bonus. I'm going to
give you my AI agents GitHub as well.
This is one of the fastest growing
GitHubs in the world, but I had to take
it down. I had to take it down. There's
too much sauce in here. I actually got
hacked,
so I had to take it down. But there's
too much good stuff. You saw the RBI
agent here. She just back tested 16
different ideas. She's done. So, while I
was yapping, she was back testing.
That's the RBI agent PP. You have full
access to this. And then one of my other
favorite agents here is a swarm agent. I
can essentially launch a swarm of
different AIS to take on any task.
Anyway, there's there's 20 plus agents
in here. I don't have the time to go
through all of them right now as the
timer is ticking and I haven't even
given you the link yet. The fifth one is
Quant App access. Quant app. You can go
ahead and see how Quant App works here.
I won't go too deep into it, but if you
go to my YouTube here and go to uh
playlist here, I have a full breakdown
of Quant app. It should be somewhere
around here.
Quant app boot camp. You can go learn
exactly how to use Quant app step by
step. But um essentially, it helps you
become a quant before you even know how
to code. So, this is a massive
edge for hand traders, but in reality, I
want you to become an automated trader.
So, this is a $48,000 value. You do get
quant app access for
joining as a bonus. You get the AI
agents GitHub. You get the trading bot
GitHub. You get the Mundev API key. You
get the Mundv vault.
And then you get the core offer, which
is the Algo Trade Camp. You get the AI
master classes. You get the Solana
copybot course and Sniperbot course. You
get the Poly Market Trading Bot course.
You get unlimited Zoom calls. And then
you get Quantite. People are literally
paying $297 every single month for this.
But you get access to all of it. It's a
$48,000 value.
And that's not even egregious, dude. I
would literally, if I could go back five
years and learn everything I know right
now,
I would pay 50 I would pay $100,000.
Dude, time is money. I lost my best
friend staring at these damn charts,
dude. Do you think I'm not I don't fully
believe that I would pay $100,000 to get
that time back? Of course. Of course,
man. Of course. Come on, man. I know I'm
biased. I know I know what's in there.
You don't know. But I'm trying to
emphasize how important this is to you.
And there's a 100% money back guarantee.
I know the timer is ticking. Um now,
like this is the value. Now, obviously,
I'm not just going to go ahead and
charge this much because I I I believe
code is a great equalizer, and I
understand that this would be a
expensive. It would be expensive no
matter who you are. And I know I'm a
random guy on the internet. I do back
everything with a 90-day money back
guarantee, of course. But, you know, I
had two options. I could go I could go
uh I could do some like broad super
cheap thing where I can't really help
people, or I could go deep and just
overvalue this. And that's why I over I
provided more value. I I threw more
value than you could ever imagine, dude.
I have the algo trade camp AI master
classes. You see everything on the
screen. I wanted to go deep. I wanted to
make sure that you actually have success
with automated trading. I didn't want to
do some like cheap little like here go
do it yourself. No, I want you in the
community with me so you can ask
questions. I want to surround you with
great quants. I want to surround you
with other people that are automating
their trading too with the same
information. So, I went deep. As you can
see, this is the craziest offer ever.
And, you know, I was like, "Okay, well,
how can I make this a little bit more
affordable?" Uh, obviously not going to
change charge you $48,000. Although I
would pay I would pay for it. But
my two choices led me to going deeper
because ask yourself this. If I had a
profit if if you had a profitable
trading bot if I had a profitable
trading bot, would it be worth $48,000?
Yes. Right. If you never had to stare at
the charts again, have I opened the
charts today? Have you seen me look at
the charts today?
If all you got was one profitable
trading bot because I showed you the
stepbystep
method on how to find ideas that
actually work, would it be worth
$48,000?
Yes. Or ask yourself, what would one
profitable trading bot be worth?
You answer that in your head, dude.
It's not a cost. It's an investment.
It's an investment in a different
approach to trading. You know, trading
works. It's just not working for you
because you're trading with emotions.
You're overtrading.
>> Naturally, skill is only developed by
hours and hours and hours of beating on
your craft.
>> And I've been beating on my craft for
hours and hours and days and years.
So, I can wrap it all up and give you
something step by step and short,
concise videos. I know the timer is
ticking and you don't even know where to
get it yet. This offer has never been
shown, never been seen.
Look, you got two options right now,
dude. You could go keep trading by hand
and lose all your money.
Or you can become a quant once you say
you're a quant. Okay, you have to learn
how to code. Well, we got AI to code for
us. Great. So, you could go to Upwork
and say, "Hey, I'm going to hire some
Indian off Upwork to hold this for me."
But you have to leak your edge, number
one, and you have to spend months, if
not years, iterating with them until you
get it right. Nobody's going to have a
profitable bot to start. So really, this
is your option. Lock in four hours a
day. Two to four hours a day. That's all
you need, dude. I've been doing four
hours a day for five years, and
everything I learned, you're going to
learn.
So do it yourself or do it with me. It's
us versus Wall Street. I think you want
to be on the same team, dude. I think
you want to be on the same team.
So, you see everything you get, right?
You're going to get the algo trade camp.
It's a six week step-by-step how to
automate your trading, even if you don't
know how to code. You get the AI master
classes. You're going to have AI do all
the heavy lifting for you. So, if you
feel like, "Oh, I can't do this because
I don't know how to code." Guess who
does know how to code? AI does. And I
show you exactly how to use her. You get
the Solana Cobbot course and the
Sniperbot course. So, when Solana heats
up again, you're going to be already
ready. you don't want want to be behind.
And Poly Market is one of the most
fascinating markets in the world because
there's unlimited things to trade. You
get access to that course as well. And
you get all of these Zoom calls for free
forever, dude. And then on top of that,
this is so special. 300 bots plus back
tests inside of Quantite now. And it's
growing every single week. There's two,
three, four different new bots, back
test ideas that are posted in Quantite.
And you get access to it for the full
year. So, you get one year access to all
of this above. And on top of that, you
get the Moondev vault. You get the Mundv
API key, you get the Trading Bot GitHub,
you get the exclusive AI agent GitHub,
and you get Quant App access. This is
going to be sold for a minimum of $1,000
per month. A minimum of $1,000 per
month.
Every single prop firm, every single
trading desk will have to use Quant app,
but you get access to it. Now, you can
see I reset the timer because I know I
yapped you. This is everything you get.
Like I said, I'm going to try to make
this a good deal. So, what I did is I
said 50% off. Okay, $17,256.
That math doesn't even math. That's not
50%, dude.
You get the point. 75% off. Okay, I know
this is an investment, but I believe
code is a great equalizer. I want to
help people that may not be able to
afford 75% off, dude. So, let's let's do
85% off. It's math ain't mathing, but
$5,000. Okay, that's actually a fair
price. Let's do 5,000. Let's do 5,000
and you get access for the full year
instead of 48 G's.
And like I said, I would pay 50,000. So,
I'm trying to make this as broad as I
possibly can without like taking the
value down. So, I felt like 5,000 was a
very fair price here. So, let's just
stick with that. And then here's the
link you can get to join. And uh nope, I
want to make it even better, dude. I
believe code is a great equalizer. 96%
off, $1,500 onetime payment. You get
access for the entire year. There's
nothing else. You don't have to pay me
anything for the rest of the year. You
can see all of the uh testimonials here
on the right side and the timer starts
now. I'm going to open up Q&A. If you
have any questions, please let me know
in the chat. So, it's $1,500 to get in.
This is how you get there. Nobody else
has this link, bro. Nobody else has this
link. Only you because you locked in.
mundave.com/go.
If you do want to take me up on this
offer, uh like I said, there's doers and
dabblers. If you've locked in for this
whole time, I know you're a doer. You're
not a dabbler. So 1,500 bucks when it
should be 50,000. I would pay $50,000
right now if I could go back in time.
But I can't and you can't because I have
the knowledge that you need to know in
order to automate your trading. And I
know for a fact that you can do this
because I've watched hundreds of other
people go through this exact training
and have success. And you can read all
the testimonials you want.
mundev.com/go.
And you don't even have to say yes right
now is the thing.
You just say maybe. Jump in. See if it's
worth it. See if you have fun with it.
You have to have fun with it, right? And
if you have fun with it and it's worth
it, then stay inside. There's a 90-day
money back guarantee. So, you have 90
days to go check it out. And this is a
onetime payment. mundave.com/go.
So, just go over to mundave.com/go.
If you have any questions, let me know
in the chat. You can see everything that
you get here. And you may be saying,
"Well, I can't afford $1,500 right now."
You can't afford to ever ever trade
again. If you can't afford $1,500 right
now, you can't afford to ever trade
again because you will lose that $1,500
if you keep trading with leverage by
hand. I promise you that. I'm not trying
to be a Debbie Downer. Just is what it
is. Look at your past results. You're
wasting time and you're wasting money.
So, 1,500. I built this for
members because I understand a lot of
members are paying $300 a month right
now. I wanted to give you a fat
discount. Quantite is $300 a month. Some
of these bonuses you don't have access
to anywhere else. The API key, the trade
by GitHub, the AI agents, the quant app
access. This stuff is not available
anywhere else. So you might still think
1,500 is too much for you. So guess
what? There's a payment plan as well.
Two payments of $797.
So 1,500 today or pay a little bit more.
$94 more and there's two payments. Hey.
Oh, but I can't afford 797. Stop
trading. first off. And if you can't
afford 797, there's even if you're in
the United States here, you can use CLA
and get payments, make payments off of
CLA.
Oh [__] I just bought it.
I was trying to show you the payments,
how much the payments are going to be,
but you'll have to check that out on
your own time. Pay
There should be a pop-up that shows you
the payments. But CLA is pretty nice. So
you can actually use our two pay option
and then cut that into even smaller
payments, which is pretty crazy if you
live in the United States. But if you
don't live in the United States, you
have a credit card. You have expendable
income. We all do. I spent so much money
on Uber Eats. I'm sure you can go ahead
and look around, see where you can
tighten up a little bit. But I made this
the absolute best offer possible because
I believe coach is a great equalizer.
And if I can just give you all the
information that I know, all the things
that I've tested, then I can help you
get up to speed with me faster, and then
I'm going to keep running after Jim
Simons. And if you have questions, let
me know. Let me know in the chat. A lot
of people look at money as a as
something that they need to hoard. And
it's just money is just a tool of
exchange, dude. That's all it is. You
exchange money for food, you get your
food. Perfect. You're happy.
But a lot of us spend money on like
drinks or money on things that we don't
get anything back, right? Like if you
spend the money today, you're going to
get five years of knowledge and short
concise videos plus data
plus API keys plus GitHubs actual code.
It's unbelievable. And it's not now
you're not just spending expendable
income and not getting anything back for
it. You got 40 minutes to decide here
and you got my full attention if you
have questions. It's mundave.comgo
in order to get there.
httpsmundave.comgo
and nobody else knows about this. So
I mean if you guys want in, you got 40
minutes to ask me any questions you have
or anything really.
That's the link. mundav.com
pony's in. Let's get it. Pony, let's go.
Let's go. Pony says he just got it. Just
bought. He's in. Perfect, dude.
Congrats, bro. He's been He's been here
locked, dude. He understands that
that it's not it's okay. It can be
expensive depending on where you are in
your life, right? But you're investing
in a new approach to trading. It's
really a lifestyle change because today
you became a coin and now for the rest
of your life you can see does this
strategy actually work or if I've been
wasting my years trading strategy
doesn't work. Does this idea work in the
past? If it does okay let me build it
into a bot.
Let's see if it works in the future.
Let's take all emotions out of this
trading. Let's not overlever.
Let's not do what everybody else does.
Jim Simons says, "Don't do what others
do. If you do that, you're going to get
smoked. You're going to lose all your
money. So, would you rather spend 1,500
bucks on learning how to automate your
training for the rest of your life so
you can fish for the rest of your life?
I'm not going to give you something
plugandplay that you just run." No, of
course not. That would be silly. That
wouldn't even be worth it because guess
what? If everybody's running the same
bot, that will eventually go to zero.
So, this is actually a much better offer
than me saying, "Hey, pay me $1,500 and
I'll give you a profitable trading bot."
Because that profitable trading bot
would be sold to everybody else. It
would go to zero and then you would be
[__] out of luck for the rest of your
life. But this, I'm actually teaching
you how to automate your trading and how
to come up with your own edge. That's
amazing. It's an investment.
>> Right.
You give up the slightest struggle
>> 100%. with discipline. Doing what you
hate to do, but do it like you love it.
>> Doing what you hate to do, but do it
like you love it. That's that is a great
quote.
>> And if you can do that, you could be
successful in anything.
>> Well, you know, you know, you normally
are. You normally are, but you need a
you need a support system at the end of
the day. You need a community like us
that will be there in your corner. Dude,
finance is gross, bro. Finance is nasty.
It's a scarcity letter industry, bro.
Scarcity le industry. They don't want to
see you win. Nobody wants to see you
win. I want to see you win. Why? Because
if you win, we win. Cuz we're doing this
together. I always say this. I don't
want your money. I want your mind. But I
don't want the mind of people that won't
invest in a better way of trading. Like,
I don't want to That's why I don't I
don't even look at YouTube chat anymore,
dude. Because these are just a bunch of
people that just have comments to say
about whatever. They're not even
automated traders. Don't listen to
anybody that's not ahead of you. That's
why I hear Mike Tyson all day. I hear
Jim Simons all day. I hear Kobe Bryan
all day. I hear Will Smith all day. I
surround myself with people that are
ahead of me so I can go ahead and level
up. I've told you this before, dude, but
I spent $2,000
on a course when I was 21 in college. I
didn't have $2,000, dude. I was dead
broke. I was a college student. I made
this $1,500 because I know a dead broke
college student
as I was spent $2,000.
I spent $2,000 on a course that taught
me how to build iPhone apps
without learning to code. So what did
that lead me to? I spent $2,000 on some
education because some guy was making
millions of dollars as a app developer.
So, I I listened and I bought his
course. It's 2,000. I didn't have that
2,000. I put it on a credit card. Why?
Because I know I'm the type of
individual that will make things happen.
I just need somebody to show me how to
do it. I would I will buy time any day.
So, I put it at $1,500 because a broke
college kid, me, was able to spend
$2,000 on a credit card because I knew
I'd step on the gas. Now, if you're one
of those dabblers, don't spend this
money on a credit card. Only use a
credit card if you actually are going to
automate your trading. You have the
whole system now.
There's not going to be any questions.
And if there are questions, I'm there in
the Discord with you all day, and you're
going to be on every single one of these
Zooms.
You've got access to me. I've been doing
this for 5 years. I'm not the best in
the world. Of course not. Jim Simons is,
but he died with a $ 31 billion net
worth. And I'm not your guru either. I'm
stepping on the gas every [__] day,
dude. And the things I learn, I put into
the boot camp. Algo Trade Camp has
everything.
And then if it fits into the poly market
train course, I put it there. Or if it's
in the AI stuff, I put it there. Or if
it's in the salon stuff, I put it there.
All this data to get an edge research
back implement. Well, how can I get a
bigger edge than anybody else when I'm
researching the same stuff everybody
else is researching? Oh, what about if I
launch a hyperlquid node so I can see
things other people can't see? Come on,
B. Come on, dude. I'm giving you
everything I wish I ever had.
wound.com/go. If you have questions, let
me know. The money is going to come
right back. You have the option right
now. Are you want to spend the $1,500 on
your next liquidation fee? You want to
spend the next $1,500 on the next
hundred trades you use as market orders?
Like, that money is going to go away if
you keep trading by hand.
But if you spend $1,500 as an investment
in a new way to approach the markets,
it's going to replenish, dude. It's
going to replenish. And you get your
time back immediately. You get that
stress and anxiety off your shoulders.
You don't have to approach these markets
by hand anymore. You don't have to
pretend like you know which way the
price is going to go. All that sound you
heard in the background, dude, these
were people getting liquidated. And
guess what? Longs got liquidated
and then shorts are getting liquidated.
So, it's not like you're God or I'm God
and I can pick which way the price is
going to go. No, dude, I had to drop my
ego. I had to re make the realization
that dude, I don't know which way price
is going to go. All I can control are
the controllables.
So, if a broke college kid can drop
$2,000
on a course and then run up millions of
dollars off apps because of that course,
me charging you $1,500 as as a 36y old
man that I have to feed for my
[__] family for generations off
this. I'm not playing around, dude. I'm
chasing Jim Simons. He's a $ 31 billion
man. It's the biggest reward in the
world. Of course, I'm going to spend my
later years, my second career here,
automating my trading, dude. Of course.
Of course. And now I've got systems that
run for me 24/7, 365, and I have time to
show you guys this. It was a
mind-blowing thing to me that a regular
dude that got held back in seventh grade
that's dyslexic. I got all the excuses
in the world. I can do this, dude. I
need to tell you guys.
And I hear stories. I see on the coin
app. I see people getting liquidated. I
hear people getting liquid all day. So,
it's like those are my brothers out
there that are just like me. They see
the vehicle of trading. They know it's
the way to go, but you're doing it
incorrectly.
The funds, the market makers, they're
not they're not using 40x leverage. No,
they're using automated systems.
So, if you want to take my five years,
learn everything. It's 1,500 bucks an
investment. It's crazy. Again, I spent
$2,000 from some guy that was building
apps for two years. And guess what that
led me to? It led me to build my first
app. And I spent $15,000. So now I'm
$17,000 in the hole as a broke college
kid. You have no excuse.
You got a credit card. You have
expendable income.
You can tighten up here and there. Me, I
could tighten up so big on Uber Eats,
dude. I could pay this off in less than
a month. You got all the options in the
world, but you also have all the excuses
in the world. And that's cool if you're
in the dabbler camp. I'm a doer. And I
know most of you are are doers as well.
I know Pony's a doer. He jumped in. You
got 31 minutes. At the end of this, I'm
gone. I you got 31 minutes to ask me
questions, whatever.
But at the end of this 31 minutes, this
offer is going to be gone. I'm taking
the page down. So, you can read what
everybody has to say. You can even go to
the website yourself and read through
every single testimonial if you'd like.
These are real people that are ahead of
me. This guy went to Harvard. Like, I
how am I able to help him? It's because
this stuff there's so many intricacies
that you're not even going to under.
You're gonna have to figure out yourself
if you don't just jump in. It's 1,500
bucks and the money's coming back.
There's a 90-day money back guarantee as
well. So, if you think it's trash, then
boom, get your money back. But I have
literally 80 plus people that have said
great things about this. And you know,
most people don't leave reviews, dude.
Like, what do you think the percentage
of people that re leave reviews are? So,
if there's 88 people here, you can see
how many people have helped, dude.
People just like you that found me
somehow. I don't run ads, dude. There's
There's some reason that you're here.
You found me. You're looking for a
better way to trade. So, kudos to you,
dog.
Cuz you are you're somebody who's
stepping on the gas. You're a data dog.
That's why I [__] with you.
You know you can do anything. I know you
can, too.
This structure that I provide is worth
$50,000 in my mind. I would have paid 50
racks.
And I'm a believer in buying people's
knowledge. Obviously, I spent 2K when I
was a a kid, broke. So, guess what? It
gave me his knowledge. I built an app.
It actually didn't do well. But it led
me to building a multi-million dollar
business off apps. My first app didn't
do well, just like my first bot didn't
do well. So, I knew once I had to
automate my trading, I knew I couldn't
do this the Upwork way. I couldn't just
hire people. No way. I couldn't just
hire people because it's going to take
iterations. My first app didn't work
either. I was 17,000 in the hole. And
and some of you are sitting here scared
to put 1,500 down. I was 21 20 22 21
years old. Broke college kid. I put down
$2,000 to learn. And then I was so
confident I put $15,000
to hire a developer. But I'm giving you
the opportunity to learn how to code
your own stuff and all you have to do is
invest $1,500.
Even if you don't have that, there's a
payment plan and there's something
called a credit card. So if a broke
college kid could do this, that's also
playing division one basketball at the
exact same time. It's not like I had as
much time as you do. Or maybe you have a
job and you're thinking, "Oh, I don't
have enough Dude, I was playing division
one basketball
and I p spent $2,000 on a course to
learn how to build apps and then $15,000
on the app while I had full-time
basketball practice, which is four hours
a day. I had hour and a half of weights.
I had two hours a day of tutor. I had
two hours a day of study hall. I didn't
even tell you about class, bro. So, you
got too much on your plate. Okay, I did
too.
I did, too. And I still put my money
where my mouth is, dude. I had I I seen
this is the way. Okay, how am I gonna
run up a bag on the internet?
Everybody's making money off apps. Okay,
let me go ahead and buy this course 2
G's,
then 15 G's to build the app. I had to
make it happen. I like to burn the
boats, baby. I don't know about you, but
I'm the burn the boat type of dude. Let
me spend this two 2K real quick and I
know for a fact I'm gonna make it
happen. And I did. I did. I spent
hundreds of thousands of dollars working
the developers and gave me the key
insight that hey now that I'm in my 30s
you know I didn't learn how to code till
I was 30 but I was trading big size with
leverage and I knew okay once I met
homeboy that was smoking a joint trading
a billion dollars a day oh I could do
this now okay sick but obviously I can't
do it my old way I can't go to Upwork
and hire developers from India or China
that will go ahead and ask me all the
stupidest little questions no
better and better
catch on to this or they'll catch on to
that. So you you just have to like in
any business. In any business, you just
have to make things better and better
and better if that's what everyone else
is trying.
>> 777. Thank you, Jim. I did not time
that. He timed it. He said, "You got to
make systems better and better and
better." So I spent a decade scared to
learn how to code and be like, "Fuck
this. I'm just going to hire people off
Upwork." I spent hundreds of thousands
of dollars. I made a bag off that.
That's fine. But once I once I got into
automated trading, I knew for a fact you
would have to make your systems better
and better and better and better and
better and you have to iterate and
iterate and iterate and iterate. You
have more ideas, more ideas and more
ideas. I'm five years in, dude. I
probably would have spent $5 million by
now on just developers. So, I couldn't
do that. That's not that's not
affordable. It's not affordable to
attack this with paying developers. It's
just not If you want to hire me, okay,
25 racks, I'll build one bot for you.
And that's not your first bot's not
going to be good because your first idea
is not going to be great. It's tough.
It's tough, dude. But it it's a hard
game. I I I show you step by step how to
do it yourself so you can live forever
and you can test forever and you can
fish forever. You can find your own
systems. Jim Simons, he's the man who
ran up a net worth of $ 31 billion.
Dude, he says you have to make your
systems better and better and better
because that's what everybody else is
going to do. So, you can imagine going
to Upwork and hiring somebody off
Upwork. Okay, two grand to get the back
test done. Okay, let's say five grand
for the bot. Okay, the bot didn't work.
Okay, let's do another two grand.
Another two grand. Iterate, iterate.
Another two grand. You got to make your
systems better and better and better.
So, you have to have control. And that's
what got me to finally learn how to
code. I'm sure you've been on Code
Academy, all that good stuff, dude. I'm
sure you've done all that. It's just
like you churn because it's like I could
hire somebody in India to do this. Now
you have the information, but
information alone is not going to do it
for you, dude.
You need a system and you need
companionship and you need pre-made
pre-made stuff that can help you
accelerate your time because you have
the option right now. Like you have a
lot of the information. I dropped so
much fire today on you. I showed you how
to research, where to find good ideas. I
showed you how to back test. I gave you
the code. I showed you how to build
bots. I built four or five bots today.
Come on. But information alone is not
going to do it. It's not going to do it.
You need a coach. You need somebody
who's already figured out an actual
system that works.
It's us versus them, dude.
Us versus Wall Street. But in reality,
it's us versus the dabblers because
there's doers and dabblers. And I know
you're not a dabbler
cuz at this point, you've been here for
2, three hours. Of course, you're not a
dabbler. If you got questions, let me
know. We got 25 minutes. I'll answer
every single question you have. But all
you have to do is go to moonundep.com
right now.
You can see all of the testimonials, see
exactly what you're going to get. You're
again, you're going to get the algo
trade camp. I'm going to show you step
byep how to automate your trading even
if you don't know how to code. You get
the AI master classes that will show you
how to have AI do all of the hard work
for you. You just need the ideas. You
get the salonbot course, the sniperbot
course, the poly market trade bot
course, unlimited zoom calls. So all
these private zooms we do, you get for
free. You get Quantite that has 300 plus
bots and back to us and new code weekly.
People are paying $300 a month for that
right now. So just this alone is worth
it. Just this alone is worth it. Just
this alone is worth it. Just this alone
is worth it. And then you get fat
bonuses. Just the vault alone is worth
it. Just the API key alone is worth it.
Just the trading by GitHub is worth it.
Just the exclusive AI agent GitHub is
worth it. Just quant app is worth it.
Dude, do you see? I actually believe
code is great equalizer.
I actually want to invest in you because
you found me somehow. I don't run ads.
You found me some way somehow. And
that's because of you. You're a data
dog. You're fearless. You're curious.
You're committed to finding a better way
to trade. And you found it. Now you just
have to make the decision. Am I actually
going to step on the gas or am I just
going to be a dabbler for the rest of my
life and spend three, four hours with
this this dude and then just not even
jump in? I don't know. I got all the
options here for you. Pay 1,500, use a
credit card, use CLA, you got payments,
whatever you need. But only do that if
you're actually going to step on the
gas. I don't want to promote using
credit cards to people that are just
dabblers, but I don't think that's you.
If that's a little too heavy for you
now, you got two payment options. You
can use 797 times two. Okay? It's a
little bit more expensive, but you break
it up into a payment now and a payment
of a month. You could also use CLA on
that. I bet you could get these payments
way down. That's crazy, dude. You can
use crypto within Stripe. You can you
can go ahead and use crypto as well.
So yeah, dude. This is just it's an
unbelievable offer. Ryan put a line on
the chart. It's so fire. So yeah, I mean
at the end of the day, we got 24 minutes
here in order to answer any questions
you have.
And
you know, I just want you to be able to
say goodbye to that stressful life,
dude. a stressful life of staring at the
charts trying to predict price every
single day. Just because it's 9:30 a.m.
doesn't mean it's time to trade. You
have to trade when the opportunity is
there, when the expected value is there.
And only robots can do that because we
get anxious. We we want to get into
trades. We get FOMO. We get scared.
Just picture your life, dude. Picture
your life where you are now, trading by
hand, stressed out, losing money to
becoming a fully automated trader with
your friends that are here to help you.
You're not going to get laughed at
anymore when you say you're a trader
because traders are just gamblers.
You're a quant. You're going to have
respect.
I'm just here to show you everything and
I try to make the absolute best offer I
possibly can. If you have questions, let
me know. I've got 23 minutes to answer
anything you have in the chat.
You're good, Ryan. Just got back from
vacation. Now this. Guess it's time to
upgrade from the monthly B boot camp.
Absolutely. Nodens, let's get it. It's
time. Hey, what's the API key we've been
sharing in here? Is it for quant app?
Does it expire daily? Yeah. So, if you
are in the Zoom, I've been doing this
for the first few days, but I won't be
doing this forever. You get the API key
and then the quant app just for 24 hours
until my next Zoom. So, congrats to Pony
for getting in here, dude.
Uh, raising kids and a job. I can't give
up four hours of sleep. It will take me
years to get through your video library.
I really hope an affordable babysitter
can be found. Let's get it, dudes. I If
I were you and I had limited time, I
would consume Algo Trade Camp step by
step, day by day at whatever speed you
can go. I totally understand that,
you know, you got you got a whole life
and uh that's like part of the reason
you need to be part of this is because
you can either spend that four hours a
day like I did to figure this out for
five years or you could spend less time
because I've already figured this all
out and I show you step by step how to
automate your trading. Now, I'm not
going to say that anything's
plugandplay, of course not. But I spent
four year four hours a day so you don't
have to. Now if you do have that 4 hours
a day of course I mean more time more
better.
Uhwami you can always email us here
at muna algo trade camp. I I don't know
what package you bought last year
but I built this offer for current
members. So, I understand current
members are paying $297 a month plus six
some plus more. Like some members are
paying up to $400, $500 a month. So,
this offer is built for you guys that
are already in the boot camp. If you're
not in the boot camp, if you've never
paid me before, of course, this is even
a better offer. But, this is built for
current members already acknowledging
that you've already probably been in
Quantite for a few months. Well, if you
want to stay in Quantite, that's $3,600
a year. Do you want to stay in the boot
camp? So, I built this with um the
intentwami that this is an epic
discount. Pony says epic discount. I'm
so happy, bro. Thank you, dude. I'm so
happy that you got in.
I'm locked in for life. Let's get it,
Grover. Welcome in. Felix says, "Let's
get it." And if you guys have any more
questions, we got 20 minutes. I can
answer any questions.
Uh after buying, are you going to
receive an email? Yes.
You're going to go ahead and have
instructions on exactly how to get
access to everything. So once you join
today, you're going to get access to the
Algo Trade Camp, you get AI master
classes, you get the Solana Copybot and
Sniper course, you get the Poly Market
Trading Bot course, you get unlimited
private Zoom calls, you get Quantite. A
lot of this stuff you get instantly. You
just go into the Discord, say, "I just
joined," and boom, it's going to add all
of the things to your thing. A couple of
these things will send you an email or
we'll give you instructions to shoot us
an email so we can attach your GitHub
username to the GitHub. For example, we
could get your username attached to the
API key. Uh get your Google Drive
address to add you to Google Drive. So,
some of the things we do manually, but a
lot of the things you're going to get
right away. And when I say manually,
it's going to be less than 24 hours,
usually way faster.
Ryan says, "Thank you, Moon. I've done
modular back test back trading engine,
learn different grid searches, simulates
trades off live feeds from Dex's and can
trade live. I have 30 strats with
multiple variations. Thank you for
helping me out. My pleasure, Ryan. Dude,
that is fire.
If you guys have questions, let me know.
We got 19 minutes. At the end of this 19
minutes, the offer is going to go away.
So, remember, there's a 90-day money
back guarantee, and I'm here almost
every day. So, I'm not going anywhere.
I'm not running off with your money,
anything like that. You got 90 days, no
questions asked. If you want your money
back, you get your money back.
>> I was going to make it. I just know how.
>> But I knew this world is what you make
it. You create your own environment. It
all starts with a vision. What you can
imagine, you can create.
>> What you can imagine, you can create.
Money back guarantee.
So you don't even have to say yes right
now.
90 days. Check it out.
Let's get it.Wami says he's hungry to
lock back in. 777.
This is the only thing I have. So, the
monthly, it used to be $297 a month for
quantity. That's $3,564.
Dalia says the monthly is how much?
There is a payment plan here.
two payments
$7.97.
So you can see the there's a monthly
plan. Pay today and then pay again in
one month. That is $797.
Anyone buy a pawn game for 1500?
You probably have a credit card.
You could probably scrape up $797.
You can see what everybody has to say
here. Let me read through some of these
uh testimonials here because we only
have 17 minutes and I'll answer any
questions that come through while this
happens. But he says, "Hollywood says
it's about education. This is real world
stuff, not just some classroom
environment. I paid him a year in
advance. I also I go to Harvard for
computer science. The boot camp is the
best value I've ever received. It
changed my life. Sending you love.
Mundub's course is amazing. Honestly, I
don't even want more people to join
because the information you get is pure
gold. However, Mundab truly deserves
this rated.
How many of you guys took the course?
Thinking of signing up? Anyone have any
feedback? To be honest, I signed up for
the course last week and I'm trying to
work through the material. You can learn
it from YouTube, but it's a very slow
process. Speed, dude. Speed. The course
material ties it all up with a bow and
everything. So you could go tweak
everything the code best suits you. I
recommend the course if you want
immediate results. Bonus. Moonv will
work with you to create your own stuff.
Love free says the videos are so
straightforward packed with so much
information. Everything was super easy
to understand. I'll I never knew algo
trading would be so easy. Mundave
literally teaches you a toz and the
community is amazing too. I'm super glad
I took on this challenge. I've learned
so much in the first 15 days. So, the
boot camp is 15 days, but it's extended
to 60.
I just want to personally thank you for
making the boot camp.
Like, seriously, you could have sold it
for 10x that, but you gave everybody the
opportunity to access it. This guy says
he's a programmer of Forex, and Tom says
that he's also a developer, and it got
him up to speed very quickly with Algo
Trade for crypto.
Should I just send an email to upgrade
the boot camp to get Discord access? AI
bot isn't uh getting all Yeah. Yeah. If
you uh
shoot an email if it didn't access give
you access to everything.
Let's see here. You said the AI bot.
Let's go look at that. See what's going
on here. Public chat.
Okay. So, I see it. Yeah, it didn't add
everything on there. Let me just go
ahead and override that real quick
because I have I have that power here.
So, I just added your Mundave Elite
there. Um, it's weird that that didn't
happen. Um,
I'll look into that after, but I just
added your Mundave Elite, but also send
the email because, uh, either way, I got
to get you access to the vault and I got
to get you the GitHubs and the API key.
I can't give you that, Grover, because
I'm not a financial adviser and I can't
have that liability. Sorry. Super high
liability for me to share this stuff.
So, I got to be very careful to make
sure I don't come off as giving
financial advice. That being said, the
best financial advice I can give anybody
that's trading by hand is stop trading.
D. Sandlin says, "My bot is making
money, so get to coding and stop losing.
I was the classic get stopped out daily
and it pissed me off, hence why I'm here
now making money."
Anod says he's been a member. It's
great. I'd highly suggest it. This guy
said, "That's cool. One of my bots that
I set up. Watching you is pretty
profitable. Thanks to you." This guy
says, "Hi guys, I'm new to this thing.
I'm really tired of Telegram bots. Do
you recommend the boot camp at all?" He
says, "Yes, it's been a life-changing
experience." This guy says, "Hands down,
the best decision was clicking on your
auto GPT and coming here at the boot
camp. As someone with zero knowledge and
building blocks you provide in your camp
are the realness and personal your
personality is amazing. Keep it up, man.
I love the intro of the boot camp. I'm
about to save you 200 hours. I said, '
That's the goal. I hope it has. He said,
'You overd delivered. I haven't even
gone through the weekly codes yet.
Finish the boot camp in two days. It's
that good. Best community and amazing
teacher. Do it at your own pace. Amazing
teacher. Free AI tools. Yes, I actually
give you free AI inside the Discord as
well. I didn't even mention that. Banger
community here. TLDDR. As someone
exploring the world of algo training, I
can confidently say that Mundav's algo
train camp is hands down the best.
We got 13 minutes, gang. So, go over to
mundave.com/go.
And if you have questions, let me know
in the chat right now. We only have 13
minutes. And I'm serious about this,
bro. I'm serious. I'm going to get it
set up right now, actually. Um, let's go
ahead here and
just got to find my
I got to find the AI so I can turn this
off in 13 minutes.
13 minutes, dude. 13 minutes. If you
have questions, let me know.
Let me know. Let me know. Yeah. Funny
thing is Mundev has the attention of
hedge funds companies copying his
scripts. So please don't put old traders
above yourself. Exactly, dude. The past
six months of ALGO Trade Camp have been
nothing short of transformational. It's
not a trading course. It's a complete
mindset shift. This program opened up
new doors and opportunities I never
thought possible both personally and
professionally. Mundev shows it how it
is. Next level, clear, actual, and
grounded in real world experience. Every
session kept me sharp. Let's get it,
dude. I've learned more in the past week
of coming here than years of just owning
crypto. Mundav is the most authentic and
genu generous creators I've ever seen on
the internet. He deserves the world. He
has helped me immensely. God bless him.
Come on, dude. Let's get it. Let's get
it. If you have any last minute
questions, we got 12 minutes. We got 12
minutes.
And remember, there's a 90-day money
back guarantee. So, I know there's a
little pressure here, but it is what it
it is what it is. I have to I have to
limit this. I can't show the whole
world. So, you got 12 minutes if you
want to decide. And you can decide now
and within the next 90 days if it's just
not for you or you're not interested in
it, whatever. You can get your money
back. 777 on God. Let's get it. The boot
camp was the kick in the ass that I
needed.
Mund's got a great personality. He's an
authentic cool guy with great sense of
humor. He keeps me entertained, engaged
while I multitask. He explains things
clearly that you could just vibe. I've
learned so much about AI and coding
integration. He's got extra courses and
stuff. Now is the best time to become a
dev. We all need to learn more. Coding
is the great equalizer. We should make a
shirt. Let's get it. You're the reason I
started my coding journey. Let's get it,
dude. The only problem is I I feel like
I'm missing out if I'm not on my
computer.
Let's get it, dude. There's so many
people that have said great things about
this. It's not like I know we all have
every excuse in the world for not
jumping in today, but you don't even
have to make that decision today. Just
jump in. You got 90 days to check it
out. It truly feels like you have a
trusted, loyal friend teaching you the
ropes to success. Honestly, the way you
come up with strategies on the spot and
teach at the same time is a winner for
everyone. A powerful and supportive
start to my ALGO trading journey. This
boot camp has been one of the best
learning experiences I've had. The
content is well structured, detailed,
and easy to follow. Even with someone
with no prior background, each video is
packed with practical information that's
immediately useful. The teaching style
is clear and straightforward.
So, I sat down and I worked hard to put
this together for you because I got a
lot of people asking for it. If you want
to be part of the 1%, this is where you
start. Forget all those get-richqu
douche clowns shilling payw wall
information that you get from AI for
free. This is the real deal. And I
honestly would rather just keep it a
secret. That's amazing, dude. People are
saying great things. I'll update later.
Update. It's very good. There's a
learning curve for sure, but nothing
makes me want to put it down. The code
helpers are very attentive. So, we're in
there with any answers that you have
questions to. After the first year, what
is the API and app going to cost? Uh,
I don't know. But that's a year. Oh,
that's a lot a lot of time. A lot of
time. You got 10 minutes.
That's a That's a very forwardthinking
question. Um I will make it very
affordable to continue.
Let's just say that because we're in the
early days, you know, I'm only on year
five, but I'm just getting started in my
opinion. So, I want to get you guys all
caught up to speed with me and the
people who take me up on this offer. You
guys see how I do it. like people like
Wishy and some a lot of people in here
are are here for free because they
joined something of mine four years ago,
three years ago, you know. So you guys
are my fam. I'll hook it up.
>> So you find
things that are predictive. You might
guess, oh, such and such should be
predictive, might be predictive. And you
test it out in the computer, maybe.
Maybe this. We test it out on longterm
historical data and uh price data and
other things and then you add to the
system this if it if it works. If it
doesn't you throw it out. So there
aren't elaborate equations at least not
for
>> All right. If you're still on the fence
I want to show you how to get started
because remember there's a 90-day money
back guarantee. So I know there's eight
minutes left. I don't even know if you
have time to join anymore. You have to
go to mundaveab.com/go.
It's one simple payment of 1,500 bucks.
An investment in a new way of trading.
Or if you can't afford that, that's
fine. Two payments of 797. Super s super
simple. You click here. There is CLA,
there's credit cards, there is crypto.
There's no excuses.
If you're a doer, let's do it. You've
locked in for multiple hours now.
There's nothing else I can tell you
except that there's 8 minutes and 20
seconds to get in. Just emailed you now.
Nice.
Anyone with a doubt, it's definitely
worth it. I was in doubt myself, but
when I pulled the trigger, I was so
happy I did. It's not a sales pitch by
any means, just a personal opinion. The
boot camp put me six months ahead. Hey
guys, I'm new to this. I think I read
that one.
What are you waiting for? The material
in the course is everything one needs to
get started in this unique and secretive
industry. and it's truly amazing.
Mundave and his approach to teaching
this material are even better. You
couldn't ask for a more thoughtful and
sincere instructor. I really don't know
if I have ever spent better money in my
life. If it was just the 15 days
promised, the course would be massively
undervalued. The fact that there's even
more plus a community and everything
else, stop reading and sign up. The only
thing you'll regret is not doing it
sooner. Okay, dude. So, here's the link.
the last time I'll post the link here.
If you guys do want to take this up, I'm
closing. I'm turning it all off here in
seven minutes. Moon.com.
Here's that final link. It's mund.comgo.
And if you want to jump in, we have
seven minutes. I'll answer any questions
for the last seven minutes, but then I'm
cutting the stream. I'm cutting the
stream, closing the page. This is your
chance. I recommend the boot camp if you
want to learn quickly. Maybe already
have an edge trading and want to
automate it. I learned the code from the
boot camp.
I learned to code for the boot. I show
you how to code, dude.
My advice for anyone trying to build a
bot, buy his course and learn the basics
with AI and build a bot, test it
multiple times. Let's get it. Thank you,
brother. My favorite thing about the
boot camp is you don't give us bots to
use. You're giving us the skills to
endlessly build our own. If you give a
man a fish, he eats for a day. Teach a
man to fish, he eats for life. That's
beautiful, dude. That's beautiful. The
boot camp is the kick of the ass I
needed. There's a ton of offer in this
boot camp and it's way more than I was
even looking for when I joined. Mundave
goes above and beyond to deliver value
throughout the course. It's just a boot
camp, but it's still very valuable
teaching. If you're into learning this
stuff, yet more evidence of why there's
such a buzz around you. Truly incredible
customer service. There's a 100% money
back guarantee. We don't even ask
questions. So, if you feel like, hey,
you're kind of on the fence right now,
remember there's a no questions asked
money back guarantee. And the reason for
that is because I was on the fence about
buying a PlayStation 5 last year. And my
girl was like to the Costco lady, she
said, I was eating a hot dog. I was
eating a hot dog because every time I
get in line at Costco, I get a hot dog
first. Anyways, I was eating a hot dog
in line. And she said, my girl is like,
"Uh, yo, what's the return policy?" And
the lady looks at me. She says, "We
would take back a half eat Ian hot dog
in three years if you want." So, I was
just like, "Hell yeah, that is fire.
That is fire. I feel so secure about
buying this PS5 now." And I bought it. I
bought it because there's a unlimited
money back guarantee. Now, obviously, I
can't do unlimited, but 90 days is
pretty [__] good for something
online. So, much love to you.
90 days.
Check it out. You can automate your
trading in 90 days. That's crazy. I'm on
the fence about buy the boot camp.
Should I take the risk? I'm starting
from ground zero coding knowledge.
Looking for someone to push me here. If
you're starting from zero, you should do
it. Just know that it's not a magic pill
and you have to put in the work. Mund
has laid everything out so you can get
up to speed very fast. He cuts your
learning curve a lot.
The course is a gem. Thank you for
putting it together.
I'm starting from zero, but man, I'm
excited. Let's get it, Pony. I I already
know he approaches trading well. So,
it's like, okay, he's he's going to do
great. You're going to do great because
I know the type of person you are from
just this couple weeks of you chatting
here, dude. You're very disciplined. And
that is that is a very very big edge in
in a seam among uh traders that are not
disciplined. After Markoff, the furious
thou moon, the ledger. Let's get it,
dude. Few years later, not found a
better price. Best available Python dev
and automating optimizing trading
environments to work and learn with at a
professional beginning with a minimal
budget. And then this one's super nice.
Much appreciated. When your team of
doctors says you have seven your seven
months passed when you were projected to
pass away, it kind of puts into
perspective that there's people that
deserve to know that I probably would
have passed away if it wasn't for people
like you. My bots I've made from your
ideas combined with mine have paid off
$186,000
in medical bills last quarter of 2023.
So, I really just got to say out of
everyone I've ever come across, you've
done the most to keep me alive and out
of millions in debt. And I will never
forget that.
777 big 777. All right, we got three
minutes here. If you want to jump over
to mundev.com,
I will be shutting the stream off. I
will be shutting down the page. So, um,
you know, this is for any last minute
people. Let's get it. Let's get it. It's
crazy story, huh, Grover? And these are
these are people that just like reach
out to me and send this stuff or post it
on Discord or post it on YouTube or send
me emails. It's just like,
you know, I get I get a lot of hate for
sharing this. I get a lot of hate. You
know, you got haters that are pissed
that I'm I'm leaking all this
information. You got other haters that
say like, "Oh, why are you teaching
this?" yada yada. I'm a teacher, dude.
I've I grew up to I grew up with
basketball coaches that I look at as my
fathers, you know? Like they taught me
everything from from playing basketball,
of course, but to being a man, bro. So,
it's just like you guys already figured
it out. I I've always learned from
coaches and teachers. So if you know
something I don't know, I will happily
pay you for it every single time because
I know I don't know everything in this
world. And if you know something I don't
know that I need to know, I will pay you
for it
because I grew up being coached, dude.
I've been coached my entire life. You've
been coached, too. Your parents are
coaching you.
Signed up. Brian says he's in. All
right, Brian. You just made it, dude.
I'm excited to get to know you, dude.
I'm excited to get to know all you guys.
Thank you so much for hanging around
here today. I hope that this has been
very
I hope it's been very helpful. I tried
to I tried to throw a bunch of great
tips at you today exactly how that even
if you don't end up joining here, you
know how to research, back test, and
implement. Now, you know, information
alone won't won't get you there, but at
least you'll be able to uh get your toes
wet in this industry, and maybe someday
I'll have a special again, but in 1
minute and 24 seconds, this will be
gone. I will be turning off the stream.
Thank you guys so much for jumping in to
this stream today. It's been a lot of
fun. I got a lot done. I got a few bots
done, a bunch of back tests. We teed off
that Tik Tok social arbitrage thing. I
look forward to the next stream. Uh, I
did have that realization this week that
damn, I do get more done when I don't do
it live on stream. So, maybe we will cut
back a little bit and not do it every
single day. I literally have been at
this for five years and I've been giving
you guys my absolute all on these
streams, the videos, and I've been
speaking through all of my code. It's
kind of silly of me to to not realize
that, hey, dude, if you don't have to
talk and answer questions this entire
time, you can go way faster. So, I kind
of made that realization. Um, also I'm
getting all our funded traders signed
up. Um, I'm trying to get this to a
point where I I get you guys all of my
knowledge. I can get you funding as
well. And then shoot, if I if I die
someday, dude, I've already laid my I've
laid my mark on the world. I've given
everything I got and I just don't know
when that day is going to be. So, you
got you got 25 seconds and I'm cutting
this stream off. 777, dude.
Twitter sentiment. That'd be sick. Mood
for press. Let's get it, dude. Let's get
it.
I'm locked in right now. Replace my job.
Let's get it, dude. Thank you for the
value you always provide. Much love to
you guys. I'll see you I'll see you some
other time. I will let you know via
email. Have a beautiful weekend. Much
love to everybody. 777. Thank you so
much for your time and have a beautiful
blessed weekend and day.
777 Mund out.